Unknown Speaker  02:24
Well the Smart all the smart people here

Matthias Miller  03:45
testing alright can you guys hear me now?

Unknown Speaker  03:51
Here here yeah

Matthias Miller  03:54
okay I'm having trouble with my audio I'm trying to get it fixed here give me a second

Unknown Speaker  04:05
you hear me okay game

Matthias Miller  04:23
All right, let's do well. We're gonna have to let me try one other thing. It's not going to be perfect but it'll work for today

Matthias Miller  04:37
All right, that'll that'll have to do it

Matthias Miller  04:52
you guys know if Dwayne and Kristen were planning to join today

Unknown Speaker  04:59
Kristen No Dwayne Yes?

Matthias Miller  05:32
Alright train there we go I think you've got everything working the way it should all right well we're still waiting for Dwayne to show up

Speaker 1  05:46
yes until he does on factor you guys want to guess how much paper inside used in 2022 All the emails all this use a lot of paper here but firms have acres how many acres would we cover with the paper we used in 2022

Matthias Miller  06:17
Oh my goodness

Speaker 1  06:32
if we if we spread it in a single layer are the amounts we used to would cover five acres just over five acres so

Unknown Speaker  06:43
wow

Speaker 1  06:47
my property is five acres so if I'd cover all of that and paid for then that would give us an idea and

Matthias Miller  06:59
that's amazing Well, should we

Unknown Speaker  07:11
you haven't tried reaching out to Dwayne Have you Matthias

Matthias Miller  07:15
did not let me message him? There you go doing

Speaker 2  08:26
sorry I was way down a rabbit hole. I'm glad you message because I would have never came out in time to realize I missed this.

Matthias Miller  08:33
Okay. Sounds good. Welcome. All right, Mark. I think the Table Table is yours.

Speaker 1  08:46
They Well, Dwayne you missed a fun fact while you were down a rabbit hole out maybe not a fun fact but how much you've seen the massive amounts of paper that I guess any of his armies put through with our Epson printers but gonna take a shot at how many acres of acres worth of paper we use that at inside last year.

Speaker 2  09:08
So I'm assuming I'm assuming your page counting of every single sheet of paper on all printers.

Unknown Speaker  09:15
We just did what we purchased from paper we purchased last year.

Unknown Speaker  09:26
23 acres.

Speaker 1  09:29
Oh, that makes you feel good. No. Five Acres just over five acres.

Speaker 2  09:33
Oh, man. I figured I figured the beans. The reason you're talking about this. It was pretty high. So. Yeah. Well,

Speaker 1  09:47
I'm going to suggest we start with the email I sent last. I think it would be helpful for Matthias to see our internal discussions surrounding financials and where we hope to go with this 2023 in thinking that, up until now, it's it's talking about design, we've been talking about January 1 in need and 2023 and toe wiggling. In been kind of, I think we've all been kind of vague or unsure on timeframes. But this is, this is our attempt to start putting some timeframes to what we're hoping to see what we're thinking is realistic for the coming year. And obviously, Orton said, you know that as well Matthias, and so that we can work together, you might look at some stuff and say, well, there's no earthly way that this is possible, and other stuff that well we can move this up or whatever. So that's, I'd like to take a quick, go through this quickly, and then

Speaker 1  11:05
go down to like, how does this actually look, if we look to implement some of the core module, let's get started with that. So goes a long path forward on financials. First one, number one, convert time to finances. So basically, what we're doing is we're exporting all the data from QuickBooks, dumping it into spreadsheets, and looking at it, doing a lot of work with that reformatting it to so that we have something to compare with 2023? And also, how do we 2020 to look in if we recognize revenue, when it's earned widgets are delivered, and it's at the same time, as well. So I think that will give us going through that the testing on that will be invaluable? And, like, exactly how do we want? What GL accounts do we need? Which Don't we need? How do we need certain parts to function, I think that'll be a huge help in both the processes and the software. And so that's have a goal to work through that and have that done by end of February. That's for all three companies. Any questions on that before I move to two?

Unknown Speaker  12:56
So two is also

Speaker 1  12:57
something that voted on the board is voted on. And we have a goal of the end of first quarter this year, March 31 2023. To have processes in place and whereby we can we can have Whitney start doing this QuickBooks entering revenue when it's earned expenses when they're incurred. And with a plan to do QuickBooks for all of 2023 or have QuickBooks be the

Unknown Speaker  13:37
accounting software we want to use for 2023, and information from USCIS for doing this, for example, with some other reports, as well.

Speaker 1  13:57
Any anything on that? And we kind of get into? Well, a lot of questions on that.

Matthias Miller  14:06
It's the I mean, the main thing of the QuickBooks piece, from a tactical standpoint is coming up with the reports that Whitney needs to make whatever appropriate adjustments that need to be made in QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  14:22
When you say adjustments, are thinking, What are you thinking when you're seeing adjustments?

Matthias Miller  14:31
mean a report to show what were the sales this week? Or what what buildings were delivered this week? Or what were the buildings built this week? And what were their, you know, numbers in some form or fashion? I don't know exactly what that how that ends up getting calculated.

Speaker 1  14:46
Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's what what I'm thinking as well. Makes sense. And then three others continued design and development for it. Having cell phone assist. That's going to be ongoing throughout all of 2003. And any anything to add there with us? No. Then, or implement new accounting software and assist start using don't know Is that realistic or not, and run side by side with QuickBooks to be decided who will actually be doing the work in, in assist at this point, not been decided. And then the goal would be to start using it, running it side by side. And getting using that as we go throughout 23, and having it ready to become the source of truth, or the the primary accounting software, January 1 of 2004. And then, I mean, obviously review these timelines quarterly, if we get to that point earlier in the year, we're beginning of third quarter or whatever, that we'd all agree that it makes sense to switch then rather than wait till 2024, then that could partially open to that option. But that's, it's kind of what we're knowing what we do now. That's what we're thinking. So any thoughts on and frames on that?

Matthias Miller  16:47
I think it's reasonable.

Matthias Miller  16:55
There's gonna be a fair bit of work to get things like, well, there's some specifics of this that I was talking through with Dwayne I mean, anything? Well, one question I have is first implementation. Are you planning to do this for single company? Or are you planning to do this for multiple companies. But a side by side,

Speaker 1  17:13
I mean, from what I understood, single company, we could get started earlier, and I think that would be wise, rather than trying to do is gonna be duplicating your company. So I think starting with a single company would make a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  17:35
Yep. And then there'll be a fair bit of implementation work as far as getting Chart of Accounts and similar things set up. Um makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  17:52
The consulting advice is just one to lean on and guide us through this experience. So.

Speaker 1  18:03
So that's kind of the very high level outline of what we're what we're thinking there. So if we drop down to our proposal for development priorities for the next two months core accounting module, game using core accounting module, which will generate a lot of forward movement. So well, Dwayne, I think you should weigh in here. And just wow, I guess it might. You've already discussed this with Matthias on why, why you think that while you're pushing to go this direction? Like we're getting a little bit of design fatigue, maybe all of us on this project, and let's get started using it. So I don't know that. I think you guys covered that already. Is there anything that I'm missing Dwayne that that should be added? Before we talk specifics on next next two months?

Speaker 2  19:12
No, I don't think so. Except to have Gabe tell his story from yesterday, because it perfectly illustrated the reasoning behind this.

Unknown Speaker  19:22
Ah, yeah. Good.

Unknown Speaker  19:26
You want a story? Yeah. The

Unknown Speaker  19:28
one you told yesterday.

Speaker 3  19:31
Oh. So that was about the the college professors that said that they want to do an experiment. And they, you may already know the story about the size to two groups of people they gave the one group, the greater the one on quality and the other on quantity.

Matthias Miller  19:55
I don't know.

Speaker 3  19:57
Okay, so they had these two groups of people bool and they said your group A or group B, we're going to give you the same assignment, I think it was writing reports, or essays or something of that nature. And the first group, they said Group A, they said, We're going to grade you 100% on the quality of your work. And grade groobie, we're going to grade you 100% on the quantity of your work. And they're going to compete against each other, which is was an interesting contest, because they're being graded on different things. So they did it. And after a day or a week, or maybe it was even just a couple hours, I'm not sure. When they started looking at the results, they were astonished to discover that the group that was being graded 100% on quantity of work, were producing better quality of work than group aid. And the reason for they discovered was Group A was painstakingly looking at every sentence and making sure that they don't want to substitute this word for that. And Group B was just chucking them out. And every time they were they got done, they said, Boy, we learned a little bit there. Let's do another one. And they chuck it out. So Dwayne thought that illustrated exactly what you're going to do here. The end of the story. Makes sense. They learn by doing instead of trying to theorize I guess. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  21:37
some questions I have Matthias is, if we, obviously we haven't not added who's going to do the actual work, data entry. But what is a realistic? What what's realistic? Okay, let's we'll start with one company. What is realistic on when Could someone start working on? Entering, getting started on entering data? In or accounting module? And also, what are things that we'll need from Moz to get started?

Matthias Miller  22:43
Well, I mean, very, basically, we could turn on, I think it's a matter of adding the accounting module to assist. And once it goes live, configuring some permissions. And then it's a matter of walking through to set up the chart of accounts, either through an import or through manual configuration, doing some initial training.

Matthias Miller  23:14
And without getting my feet held to the fire too tightly and not, you know, over promising, but those changes should be relatively simple changes that could be done within a week or two within a week or two and then go live in the following update. So it's not unreasonable to have that in the system by end of January to start working on February 1, I don't believe I'm not sure the biggest wildcard that I have here is that we are actively doing development on the accounting module. And I don't know from a development standpoint, if there's any kind of gotchas or things that we should be concerned about doing that, that approach

Speaker 1  24:08
well, you're going to add that. I feel like if I'm realistic, I don't I think end of February is probably about as early as we'll be ready to, to really start just because we were going to be looking at I see is taking until probably towards the end of February. convert 2020 to finances and I feel like starting much before that is going once we gone through that process, we'll have a much better handle on Chart of Accounts, classes in just how we want everything how neat the process is, function and flow. So Okay, so what would that give us? What would we have starting in? Would we have classes? Or only

Matthias Miller  25:14
telecoms, you would have classes, you would have accounts. And basically none of the automation and I mean, it depends how sophisticated your QuickBooks usage is, but there's not. Oh, well, let's see, what else would there be? I can't really predict right off the top of my head, what are the things that you're gonna run into that you're gonna miss out on QuickBooks, but I think it's also part of the point, let's find out what we from a practical daily process standpoint, what are we going to run into?

Unknown Speaker  25:57
Okay. So if we start? So, thinking ahead, if we, once we start implementing expect there's going to be a lot of questions, a lot of support needed?

Speaker 1  26:22
Who's going to be that person on your site? Or to help us figure out how this works? And you're going to be that person? Or would it be?

Matthias Miller  26:41
Probably be a person.

Unknown Speaker  26:54
I don't mean, it's obviously we don't need to know.

Matthias Miller  26:58
We haven't talked internally, we've got a it's possibility that I'd have somebody else on the team who might not have. I mean, he's he's a pretty sharp guy, but he hasn't, I don't know how much he doesn't have a ton of background in this stuff, specifically, but we might be looking to get him trained on this stuff as well. That's an internal conversation we need to have.

Speaker 1  27:26
Wait, what I'm just thinking back to when we implemented I am as I think we had we started out with in calls twice a week between Dwayne Gosh, and Aaron and I are here on getting started with Ins. Is that right, Dwayne? We did twice a week for a number of weeks to get that started.

Speaker 2  27:53
Yeah, I think you're right. We did. And we did that for what, two, three months?

Speaker 1  28:03
Yeah, I think so. Something like that. I mean, it's been a while already, but I feel like that was a key part of making that keeping everything tight together and making so that it worked. reasonably well. Yeah, thoughts weighing on on? I mean, is that the path we should take? Or do you have a different

Speaker 2  28:30
I think at minimum, we should do at least once a week. And if, I mean, the potential exists for twice a week. I mean, we we knew a lot less back then than we do now. But I do think at least once a week, we're gonna want to do a call to for implementation as we start putting information in.

Speaker 2  29:03
But, I mean, I would say that probably in this once once core accounting is implemented on the platform, we're going to have to have some training time on just learning how the module works like what's there because I mean, obviously, I have no design time on what your core accounting module looks like. Sounds like your tastes like so. You know, we're going to it's going to take a heavier amount of training than we've had on some of the other stuff where I'm fully along for for the design of it.

Speaker 1  29:42
Some other things that that talk with Josh and our meeting this morning was, how do we coordinate like the Accounting I As the accounting is going to require more tie in from other modules, then name

Unknown Speaker  30:07
anything we've done so far, I'd like to hear from as the developers what works well to coordinate the tie ins? involved? And what, what has worked well for you? Or how do you suggest we structure that?

Matthias Miller  30:38
Well, one of the things that's worked. Let's see, there's a few pieces. Number one. I think there's part of this that can be thought of as three pieces. There's accounting, there's everything else outside of accounting. And I mean, that's a little oversimplified. And then there's the bridge between them. And like, one of the things that we've been doing, I've been doing with Josh, for example, is, especially with things that I have, I feel like I've got a fairly good grasp on, I'll go ahead and design it right past him talk through the talk through the integrations. The contractors team and Bangladesh does the core counting development, somebody like Nick, in the US does the that does other assist development, and we're kind of the bridge between the two. And that's the ultimately being how we how we coordinate this, I think the biggest thing probably is having Josh's review on design, unless, you know, listen, I guess, unless I'm missing something here.

Speaker 2  31:50
Well, I think one of the core pieces that I'm a little bit concerned about is Josh's side of, of work, if you will, is very, like we've gotten really structured over there with the incidents list and you know, you know, a by every, you know, a bimonthly call with you guys, and we've gotten real kind of intentional about that. So, do we need to start looking ahead and say, Okay, we're going to need Josh to help time with this, we're gonna need Josh to help time with that we're going to need like, so that we can start throwing these things over there on the incident list and start talking about them. And you know, start start planning for it, if you will. Does that. Does that make more sense?

Matthias Miller  32:45
Yes, he had a project?

Speaker 2  32:47
Oh, no, probably probably. It's more that. Can we can we start to plan on some of this stuff for Josh's time?

Matthias Miller  33:00
Yeah, I think so. I mean, don't we need to? Well, some of the stuff on the design side, on the design side, I don't know that there's enough that we have to, but at the point that it goes to implementation that we're actually doing development? I mean, yeah, probably.

Speaker 2  33:22
Are you thinking that, like, you know, you're gonna hit a certain spot? And then we'll be like, well, in the next sprint, we need probably to have Josh's, you know, tied Josh into this, like, is Ken Kitt. Do we need to project further than, say, two months out? We're gonna two months, are we gonna two months cycle for this stakeholders meetings that we're on? Do we need to project further out than two months for Josh's time, like, carry on, you know, pushing projects up, deciding what, you know, from our side, what we kind of want to hit directly want to hit next. But then, while at the same time realizing that, you know, we're at some time, we're going to have to say, hey, for the next sprint, we need Josh to help tie this stuff in. I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:09
we do. But at this point, we've got more than two months of development queued up, I think. And so I don't see that being an issue unless we, you know, we start stalling out again on what we've got to do. And already we have, so the accounts payable some of the accounts payable changes. If I'm looking right, on the on the horizons for this month, so I mean, I don't know that I have any kind of silver bullet or magic answer for that. I think it's, we just have to keep our eyes open for where those integrations are going to happen and be planning ahead for them and maybe part of what happens as part of this, this prep, you know, the two weeks before the the meeting, we go through the master IFR list and look at what the what the pieces are that are require Josh and plan accordingly.

Speaker 1  35:10
Matthias, when you said you have more than two months of development queued up, you're saying that there's there's more than two months worth of development? Outside of, gosh, more than two months of development required before we even even at a point where we need Gosh. tie in some of this stuff. My understanding that correctly?

Matthias Miller  35:37
Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I mean, I don't know that the FDA process is required Josh. And, Seth, I'm sorry, Nick isn't going to be back in the office until the first of all, we can February. And the Bangladesh team is working on some of these accounting changes. So and and we're pushing? Yeah, I don't know. And so they're going to be tied up with that.

Matthias Miller  36:14
I don't know. Am I missing something?

Speaker 1  36:24
Not not on my site No. So Matthias, if this were your, like, if you were in our shoes, how would you? We're in our shoes. And you are you new? Obviously, new development? Where we want to go with this in this coming year? How would you structure this for ideal? They'll results? Would it be good to have you put a, like an outline together? Here's here's some deliverables or milestones that, you know, by this date, we should have this by this date, we should have this or this date, we should have this party implemented, and then everything kind of follows that. Like, there's certain pieces that if you're planning to implement by ACF, t, and then also need this in this this from the billers in order to is that the best way to drive this forward? Or?

Matthias Miller  38:05
I don't know this is the right approach. This is how I would naturally approach it, I would, I would say, let's take the take a look at the big picture with everything that we want to want to bite off. And every every two months, take a look at what's the next important thing that we want to drive forward. For development, well, presumably at that point, we know what's going into development. So what's what's the next thing we want to drive forward, either an implementation or design. And we let that and so we start designing the next critical piece, we might think that sales tax should be done by July 1, and two months from now some, some new information has arisen that makes us realize that the correct thing that we should be focused on is I don't know payroll, and withholding taxes.

Matthias Miller  39:08
I think if you establish timeframes that we think that we should have payroll integration by this date, and I don't know it's, it's probably fine and good. It's probably healthy to create estimations of what Sorry, I'm kind of thinking off the top of my head off off of what can be done, although that has to be fairly fluid. Now. The other thing we could do actually wouldn't be a bad thing. is

Matthias Miller  39:44
put together a preliminary it would have to be completely I mean, this is quite made up but go through the Sprint's from now through the end of the year. And let's just take a look at what pieces we think we can design and develop and implement during that timeframe and come up with kind of a preliminary schedule and just review that and updated every single time

Speaker 1  40:16
Well, now that your your last suggestion I really like I think it would force us to. So really your time with a recent,

Speaker 2  40:26
you're saying with nice stuff project out from now till the end of the year, what is expected, what would be a reasonable expectation to design develop and implement to till the end of the year? And I'm sure that that'll just help that'll help drive this thing. You know, if we say we think we're gonna do Core implementation, and then we're gonna have multicompartment company implementation, then FG, then tie ins then sales tax, then blah, blah, like I like the thought, I really do.

Matthias Miller  41:08
Know, with the caveat, that these things do change. This is not set in stone, it has to be reevaluated there are going to be surprises. But yeah, I do think it's, it's kind of a blend from a very hyper detailed project plan to no project plan at all, like finding that kind of happy, happy middle line there.

Speaker 1  41:39
Well, I can't think of a better way to move this forward effectively. So how do we put that together? Who thinking that's your site you would put that together Matthias knowing what capabilities you have resources, you have an element? Or would it be a joint effort? Or how do you

Matthias Miller  42:13
has to be a joint effort? Logistics, for example? How much are we tearing into logistics? To get accounting done? Is that an issue? Is it not an issue?

Unknown Speaker  42:28
Rephrase,

Matthias Miller  42:30
the last just, okay. And in my massive outline here, of of first, you know, let me let me actually, first of all, show you

Speaker 2  42:42
I mean, the, the whole logistics side of things, we're, I mean, we're, that is what's coming up in the next sprint for Josh, we're, we're gonna go off and fix this thing so that we can keep FGI stuff clean.

Matthias Miller  42:54
Okay, so let me let me send you a list of the outline that I have.

Unknown Speaker  43:00
Just share screen with Gabe and Mark and you know, so they can see.

Matthias Miller  43:03
Yeah, I will, I will share screen I'll need another one of the few acres

Speaker 2  43:17
okay, we need some sort of, we need a name for that. Like, we're gonna go we're gonna go develop some more acreage.

Speaker 1  43:28
You better be prepared. Your your old measurement of work emails by inches, we're, we're going to say it. Okay, how many acres? Is that? Three inches of emails to go through.

Speaker 3  43:46
Maybe we could do that calculation in the next sprint. How would that be? Nice.

Speaker 1  43:55
Either that or that'd be a good question to see if AI can figure that out. Yeah. If I have a stack of eight and a half by 11 paper that measures six inches tall, how many acres would that cover? ovulate?

Unknown Speaker  44:12
Oh my

Matthias Miller  44:17
It does add a whole other meaning to the word to the term intellectual property. I have three acres of intellectual property Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:36
and then it's gonna be how much is it per acre?

Matthias Miller  44:40
How much is it? There's there's some of it. That's a lot more per acre than others. I can tell you that.

Matthias Miller  44:51
Did you guys get the outline

Unknown Speaker  44:57
I'm just starting to get it now. Got it

Matthias Miller  45:17
Alright, so there's a, there's some parts in phase one, B, let's start at the top phase zero, wrapped up with Bo, phase one. Approved for development. And I'm going to start in February phase one B, there's a whole set of these miscellaneous things do that sounds like I might not actually have to worry that much more about but is that the case? Is that not the case? I kind of feel like some of these we said they were gonna do this. And then we were like, nope, Josh is gonna we're gonna hand this off to Josh to go take care of

Speaker 2  45:57
so when you say logistics, I'm assuming that is the work that needs to be done in order to keep FGI clean, correct?

Matthias Miller  46:05
Yeah, well, I don't know what all it is. We have blank building records use for scheduling RTO returns that ticket. Technically FCI specific accessories need to be scheduled. Yep.

Speaker 2  46:13
Yep. And that's and we're planning on that in February. Probably beginning of February. We're going to first the second week of February. We're going to start on that and wrap that up. Josh actually is like my idea of coming to New York for two or three days and we just hammer it out. So nice. Yep. Okay, so Accounts Payable I'm assuming you're like that is Accounts Payable tie in? I mean, I know there's some prep work in order to prepare for that.

Matthias Miller  46:42
Let me just show you what I have here and you can tell me what wait your screen shares loading There we go. So this is all the landed freight GL multi GL Account linking all that stuff

Matthias Miller  47:16
I would love to throw this over and you and Josh's court but that's reasonable scratchpad I think we can

Speaker 2  47:28
Yeah, I mean that is that is definitely phase one B and C this is this is exactly what like tossing this over into Josh's territory and like we go off and make this happen is I'm sure he's gonna have opinions about how that gets done. What was the what did you just deactivate? undeposited undeposited funds

Matthias Miller  47:57
I don't know that there's much I don't know that there was anything actually required with undeposited funds that was more of a note to self maybe it should be documented? Or 75

Speaker 2  48:21
Can you can you go back to your accounts payable stuff can you break that thing out and shoot it to me? I want to read across that

Matthias Miller  48:31
I think I can shoot across the let me give it a shot probably have given it a subject there you go. So this is okay so then minimize data entry errors like that one as well. I kind of feel like some of the stuff we addressed previously

Matthias Miller  48:57
well even with this let's see

Unknown Speaker  49:02
you emailed to me on everyone here I got

Matthias Miller  49:10
nothing nothing I mean, I don't know like here's the list of things that we talked about. So I think these are the things the starting point some of this stuff, especially in phase one be I feel like I'm a little I've got too much stuff sloshing around my head to be completely clear on where some of these things are. I don't know that we have to nail it completely down now. But this at least gives you gives us an idea of some of the pieces that we've been talking about.

Speaker 2  49:53
Man, I wish I had access to what you're looking at right now so I could wrap my head around some of this stuff. No, no, no, no, don't get lost in the weeds

Matthias Miller  50:16
So Mark, the very short answer to your question is, I think it's a combination of I think we have to work together on this I think some of it comes down to you guys saying what really is priority when and some of it I have to make up numbers and say, Well, I think we can design these pieces in this in this phase, I don't know that there's a good way around it, but

Speaker 1  50:36
I agree and I think putting timeframes to it will also push us to I feel like most of the time we're with a hole up on our side just because we're into these like the last call sales orders for things other than sheds.

Unknown Speaker  51:02
It raises a whole bunch of questions and we don't know and we at some point we just need to begin and figure out what works because we need to figure out how we want that process to work fill in there's a way to design or develop for it so

Speaker 1  51:42
are you thinking something like a running like a master list or running list of this and we might maybe we have three columns, the right of all these items and we have design, development implementation and we have we have dates in each column one is here's when we think design is going to be done is when we think development is going to be done and then here's when we think patient should be done. We have a way to arc when when they're actually completed something like that or

Matthias Miller  52:23
something like that

Speaker 1  52:29
Well, I like that idea. I mean, then we like you said it there's a lot of variables and it would not not you know this is not set in stone but at least would it be reasonable for you to take one pass at it and put in obviously, put in note which which of these pieces design is done, which development is done in which is but and then thinking basically the extent statuses one is

Speaker 1  53:10
tentative okay. So there's three tentative dates, here's when we think design is going to be done here's when we think developments going to be done. And here's when we think well I guess when it's done it's we just mark it done really we don't care if it was done two years ago or, or yesterday really for the sake of what we're looking here. So four statuses there's a date and the columns then it means there's when we think it's going to be done and then once it's done we just mark it down so that we have a waited there we can see at a glance down and we just would that be a reasonable next step for you to do that and then we regroup.

Matthias Miller  53:55
So we're looking at so want to make sure I'm clear on this. So we'd be looking at design development implementation so and then this is the sprints so this Sprint's would be we'd have yeah

Matthias Miller  54:34
so it'd be 2023 done by the March meeting. May September. Yeah, I think so.

Matthias Miller  55:01
If Dwayne, would you be interested in tag teaming on this one at all?

Unknown Speaker  55:08
tag teaming on what? Oh, yeah, absolutely.

Matthias Miller  55:14
So thing together. Yep. I mean, since Yeah. So why don't I? Why don't Dwayne and I work on this now, for the next little while. And I mean, if if you guys are on board with this and give me this, then we'll just work on this. And you guys, can you guys can drop off and we'll, we'll email

Speaker 2  55:34
I need, I need to drop here. Gonna drop. Yeah. So I would say let's, I think I think getting this out to like printing this out and getting it out to mark. And then the three of us get on a call, either, you know, this week or next, and we just start hammering away on this. This would be fantastic.

Matthias Miller  55:54
Alright, well, I'll start working on a draft to get at least the draft of some of the existing stuff that we've we've got together, and then I'll email it out as a spreadsheet. We can take it from there. Good.

Speaker 1  56:13
Luck. Rained, so need to drop, then we'll fill that one little part in accounts payable, you're going to ask, we're going to see if Matthias could help us out on grouping on that report. You just follow up with him later or?

Unknown Speaker  56:35
Well, did he have you? With us? We're going to do Friday?

Matthias Miller  56:48
I don't have any events on Friday from you. So if you want to you gotta send me an invite.

Speaker 2  56:54
Well, let's see our normal spot was what? 10 something I think. Stop it. Do your thing. There you go. Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, today, Thursday, Friday. You I don't have anything either. 10 How's that sound? 10 works. Alright. Work. I'll shoot you a invite. Is that fast enough? Mark?

Speaker 1  57:41
Yeah, I think I think as soon as we get that done, there's really nothing to keep us from starting that process.

Unknown Speaker  57:53
Start that with, with all three companies should be able to do. Alright, yeah, that'll work. Just let me know once you have that updated, Dwayne, and we'll go from there.

Matthias Miller  58:10
Good. Cool. Thanks, guys. One.

Speaker 1  58:13
Just one quick question. Should we still plan to do our regular when monday wednesday meetings? We just talk about more of the implementation and? Well, it's probably a value or no.

Matthias Miller  58:31
At what point are we? I mean, up until it seems to me like from what I'm hearing, maybe we should cancel through the end of January. And if we're planning to start implementation, beginning of February, we should we should just let's clear through the end of January and let's pick it back up it in beginning of February. Are there other implementation things that we should be? Or should we be doing pre training earlier?

Speaker 1  59:05
No, no, I don't think so. I didn't know is there I mean, I have I do have answers to our questions. The sales or question we had earlier is we try and wrap that up yet before we

Unknown Speaker  59:32
now that would be good.

Speaker 1  59:34
Let's plan to do that and then we'll just we just kind of play it by ear.

Matthias Miller  59:41
And I've got a I've got a few. I've got a few meetings. I'll send it out at an email. I got a few meetings I'm gonna have to cancel towards especially towards the end of the month, but I can send that out. Okay. Good, sounds good. Awesome. We should yep Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai