# Entrepreneurial Foundations

So I'm seeing this idea of an entrepreneurial foundations class where you deal with the foundations of entrepreneurship, and, and it's things like most people don't.

Number one, don't understand what drives them, and number two, don't understand how to capture that and like this is the core essence I think a lot of people, and looking to build systems build things and build all these things around them but they don't understand the core driver of what is actually motivating them in the day to day experiences in the day to day operations. And so as a result, they end up spinning their wheels or they end up building something that is really nightmarish to maintain.

There's also this concept that really came to me last night which is it's kind of like build your house first, but imagine a line number one and number two and, And most people have money, have the money generating activity as the number two, activity, and their number one is their dream outcome that they want to achieve. But, but the problem with this is that no matter how much you optimize number two will always be number two. And you won't actually benefit from the optimization in fact you will optimize it back down to the same level that it actually was at. And the only way that you can successfully optimize business is when it really is number one when this is your priority, this is your baby this is what you want to see grow, and any other other point it's just crisis management.

This ties into the whole idea of falling in love with the process. If you. Most people don't succeed because they're unable to fall in love with the process. Most people also end up spending their time trying to get themselves to fall in love with the process and trying to find little hacks to motivate themselves and it's actually not about that. It's about creating alignment with your into intrinsic motivations, and being able to, in using that to motivate yourself when you do this when you're aligned with your internal motivations, what you are seeking out to do, will compel you to pursue the process when you fall in love with the process.

First of all, you will follow the process to its very outcome, you'll take it all the way to the end, but if you do not fall in love with the process, you will always be fighting yourself on the way to getting where you need to go in order to get where you want to go. So there's this horrible fight with this. So, there's a handful of things with this, but it could probably be teased apart some more. 

Random thoughts...

1. Re the \#1 and \#2…  
   1. Trying to make the hobby a business  
   2. And make the business a hobby  
2. Self-Motivation  
3. Signature Talent (?)  
4. Market (Gravity of Competition)

thinking a little bit about the mindset that Matthew showed up with about needing a certain level of results in a certain period of time, and I think, I think one of the challenges with this is, first of all there's just a little bit of this instinctive sense underneath that there's, there's actually a mindset that's underneath it, that's the same mindset that's keeping them stuck. And so I was thinking about that a little bit and I think, I think one of the things that I see with this is that there is a mindset that, that you can make certain things happen, and you don't have to align with the forces. Forces that are at play. And I think that's actually pretty false. I find that it's much easier, much more effective to align yourself with forces at play than it is to try to guide and direct. It takes a lot less energy and it's a lot more productive. And so here's how it plays out. So the idea is that if, like, the whole point of how you find breakthrough in business or how do you find pockets of profit is you look at what are the forces at play and how do you better harness the forces at play. Instead of was just that, that's just that's what you do, that is how you consult the, the first thing I hear people typically talk about, especially in these some of these lower levels. Is that you, instead of harnessing forces at play, you are the force that's at play. And as you try harder you push harder you you do you do X, Y or Z. And another example is this with this guy. A guy named Robert, who launched this new product that he hoped would be, you know would solve the problem. He's not harnessing any forces at play, he's reacting he's trying to be the force he's trying to make something happen and it's, it's actually really counterproductive and what you want to do is you want to get into the flow of the forces that are at play around you it's the market forces, it's your personal motivation, it's all these other types of things. Really that's really interesting is that I'm having this epiphany around goal setting and planning because for years. I've struggled with this. And what I realized was that the real problem was that was that I wasn't aligned with the forces that played my motivation was in life. And now that I'm much more aligned with my motivation, there's actually this drop this pole towards prioritization because, because it's the next step the next level there's, if you don't have, if you don't have foundational alignment, none of these other things, you're building your house on the wrong foundation, but you can't do it like it's not gonna work. But if you have that foundational alignment of foundational congruence, it's taking the idea of alignment and grew into taking it one step further, but if you have that, then all these other pieces fall into place. Along the way, and I really think if we took the time to package, some of these things, We could have a stellar $1,000 product. That's called Six Figure foundations. That's about, about the foundations that you need for to get to a six figure business. And a lot of the common mistakes that most people are talking about. Most people end up talking very I don't know, hopefully it's not too, too theory Oh, but I think it's like, these are really universal principles that can be really powerful. So, anyway, all that was started from this one question of the need for immediate results actually comes from comes from there I think taking it one step further by the way in the sales conversations when somebody is asking about immediate results it's kind of like, well actually, you know, like, where we're in life have you seen, you've been able to make a tree grow faster. And you can't, But what you can do is you can play at the right seat in the right circle and given the right environment. There's a lot that we understand excuse me, so I would understand we don't understand what seeds you have planted with what seeds you have in the ground where they're growing what the environment is like. And we're gonna have to take a look at your ecosystem your environment, you're seeing the seeds you definitely did all those things. And we're gonna find out what's growing and we're gonna water that we're gonna help it grow, and, and we, we will grow as fast as as fast as we reasonably can. And yes, there are limits there. Anyway, like there's limits to this because there are a tree will only grow at a certain rate, and there's a maximum velocity of business business can grow at a rapid explosive rate that's faster than a tree as an example. So then as far as the breakdown, but in reality, what we're looking to do is harnessed natural forces and put those things in place and then and then provide all the, all the support that it really needs to grow. And anyway, so as the results goes over on mindset. So the other mindsets that we have.

