It doesn’t matter if you have two people on your team or one hundred, you need to know how to delegate effectively. I want to share three specific aspects you should consider next time you decide to delegate.

**1\. You need to have a clearly defined outcome.**   
When most people delegate, they have a vague idea in their head--something they imagine. The challenge is, many times they don’t know how to articulate it. “I have some kind of marketing idea” they might say, or “I want this poster to have this kind of feel.” But they don’t give any specifics about the outcome they’re looking for.

Many employers know how to give specifics, but they tend to focus on the process rather than the outcome. For example, you might ask your employee to call the landlord and leave him a voicemail, letting him know that something needs repaired. What you didn’t know is that, meanwhile,  the landlord just stopped by to drop off some paperwork and you lost the opportunity to have a conversation with him. 

The clearer you are about outcome, the more opportunity you create, not only for your team member to find the best way to approach the task, but for your team member to clearly know what success is and how to reach it.

**2\. You need to delegate to the right person.**  
After you define a clear outcome, the next step is finding the right person for the job. If you assign the right person to the job, he or she will take responsibility of the outcome that you’ve assigned and will run with it. In fact, many times the result will be way better than what you ever would have been able to do on your own. So, find the right person for the job.

In future emails, we’re going to look at the characteristics that make people a good fit for a specific task. However, in this case, just understand that delegating certain tasks to certain people may yield inferior results. If you’re looking for a highly creative, open ended, visionary type of brainstorm, don’t assign it to somebody who’s analytical and likes following structure. In the same way, don’t delegate certain tasks that require attention to detail to right brained, highly creative individuals, who are looking for an out-of-the-box approach for every kind of situation.

**3\. Define processes around the things you want.**  
Many people resist processes because they sound too trying or restrictive. But processes are the heartbeat of your organization. When you put clearly defined systems and processes in place, you can ensure that the things that need to happen will happen on a consistent, repeatable basis. This isn’t about turning people into robots. It’s about creating a system so that others don’t have to remember all the details, and to ensure that the details aren’t overlooked.

As you put these systems and processes in place and provide support around your team members you will find that they become increasingly effective at completing tasks successfully.

In conclusion, as you look at these three elements, the big picture is intentional, effective delegation. In the future we’ll be looking at specific ways to make each of these pieces practical. Not only will you have a clear, overarching structure in place to understand how to delegate, you will also understand the practical, on-the-ground applications for your business.

---

three critical elements of effective delegation

to delegate. One of the challenges that I find is that many people approach it from either a tactical level,

from a conceptual level, this is the big picture of how you need to think can be very, very, they'll tell you, you need to empower your people. And other people will tell you that you have to write things down in a step by

step instruction we're going to do for you is I want to build a bridge between the two. But to build a bridge, we first has to be able to see the overarching structure. And once you see

the over arching structure, the tactical side will make more sense.

Well, like a delegation,

I look at three specific aspects.

aspect number one, you need to have a clearly defined

outcome,

people delegate, they have some kind of vague idea in their head, there's something that they're imagining the challenges that many times they're not able to articulate it, I have some kind of marketing idea. And I want this poster to have this kind of field. But I can't give any kind of kind of specific, I can't tell you what else it should look

like. I can't tell you I know when I see it, but I

can't tell you on that situation, you're clear outcome might be tell you tell your team member

that I want you to come up with three or

four five concepts and here's the general general general boundaries

and they'll be able to give you feedback that's that's a career research oriented outcome

might say that

the the the other common mistake with clear outcomes which we can discuss in depth here is they

confuse the process

with the outcome I want you to pick up the phone and and call the landlord and let him know that that

something is

we have something in disrepair

and

because of that the railroad is is and maybe it's not even

you guys should change it to leave them a voicemail and not knowing that the landlord just dropped by

and was was stopping by for some, some paperwork to drop off the paperwork, and

you lost the opportunity to have a conversation with them, because you are focused on

what needs to be done and the outcome. No, I understand that that intelligent employees will

will be able to translate your step by step instructions and your how into the outcome. But the real outcome that you want is you want this issue to be fix. And perhaps it is it is the best way of having this issue fixed. Perhaps perhaps you take initiative and fix yourself

is actually better approach

it, it may completely depend

on the situation, the clear you are about the outcome that you're looking for that

the more opportunity you create for not not only for your team number to find the best way to approach it, but for your team to team member to clearly know what successes and how to reach it.

Number two,

you need to delegate to the right person, it doesn't matter if you have a 10 person

to person team for 100 person team, you need to know how to delegate effectively. And we're going to look at what are the different characteristics of what makes people

with specific

tasks. However, in this case, just understand that

delegating certain tasks to one person may yield results that

may yield interior results. If you're looking for a highly creative, open ended, visionary type of brainstorm, don't assign it to somebody who's analytical and who likes following structure. In the same way, don't delegate certain tasks that require attention to detail to your your right brain, highly creative individuals who are looking for

is looking for out of the box way to approach every kind of situation, one of the best things you can do to guarantee success

and delegation, once you once you define a clear outcome is finding the right person for the job. And you'll find that if you find the person who's the best fit that that they will take that take that responsibility of the outcome that you've assigned to them, and they'll run with it. And many times the the run with it that they'll produce that they'll come up with something that's way better than what you ever work would have been able to do on your own. So you have to find the right person for the job.

Number three, you have to define processes around the things that you want.

Many people resist processes, because it sounds too dry or restrictive. But processes are the heartbeat of your organization. And when you put clear clearly defined systems and processes in place in your business, you can guarantee that and you can ensure that

you can ensure that that

the things that need to

happen will happen on a consistent, repeatable basis.

This isn't about turning people into robots, it's about taking care of details that you don't want people to need to remember and that people

don't you want to protect people from happening to forget that if you put the systems and processes in place as you provide the structure and support around your team members to find that they become increasingly effective is completing the tasks successfully.

Conclusion as you look at these three elements, this is the big picture

of what we're looking at where we're looking at

intentional, effective

delegation. If any of these these elements are no let's not do that

in the future. We're going to be looking at

more specific ways of where we're going to be looking at specific ways to make these

each of these pieces

practical so that you can apply them and not only will you have it not, not only can you have a clear overarching structure in place to understand how delegation works, or how

to delegate to also know the practical on the ground

application as you as you apply to your business.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

