A lot of people struggle with the fear of delegation. There are multiple reasons for this.

1. Many leaders, when they get around to delegating, know much more than anyone else. They know all the potential pitfalls. They know which mistakes will cost the company money and which factors will lead to success.

2. Many leaders fear that they will become replaceable if someone else takes on their responsibility.

3. Leaders often say they’re too busy to delegate and they can do it faster and better than anyone else. This is a very short sighted perspective. Understanding not only the value of your time now, but also the value of your time in the future, will help you delegate more effectively.

In order to increase your value, there are some things you will need to stop doing. The only way you can do this is by handing off those tasks to someone else. When you delegate effectively, you are making an investment into the future of yourself as a leader and the future of your organization.

**Ultimately, delegating will help you increase the value of your time**.

In many situations, it doesn’t really matter that someone will take longer than you, or that they won’t do it as well as you. If this concerns you, you’re probably undervaluing your time.

**As a leader, your time is always more valuable than the people that you lead**. This is not because you have more intrinsic value than them. It is because your choices and your influence on the organization has a greater impact than theirs.

The only time that you run the risk of making yourself replaceable is when you choose not to do things of higher value.

Let me give you an example.

**Example 1**. If your business is just getting started, you might spend a lot of time invoicing your customers. This may seem like an important task because it ensures that you’ve got money in the bank. 

However, if you start delegating your bookkeeping and paperwork, you will be able to focus on streamlining and growing your business. For example, you might look at ways your team members could work more effectively, or find tools that will make them more efficient. 

**Example 2**.  As you continue to grow your business, you’ll find yourself becoming increasingly busy with managing your team, and with time you’ll choose to replace yourself with someone to oversee operations.

From there, you’ll put yourself into a position of managing and overseeing your leadership staff. You keep them accountable for reports and look at high-level business planning. You’ll go from putting together the advertisements on a daily basis and setting daily and weekly plans to setting quarterly and annual objectives. And as you continue to delegate, your value continues to increase.

**Example 3**. Last of all, when you’re too busy to do that, you may choose to replace yourself as the CEO. Instead of spending your time on the business and what you could do in the business, you may choose to spend your time looking at the market for untapped opportunities. You might become the Warren Buffett of your own portfolio, leveraging your existing business to match new opportunities.

None of this will happen if you refuse to give someone on your team a chance to pay those bills, to make that phone call, or to oversee that project.

**Your Responsibility.** Take the initiative to remove something from your plate today. It all starts now. The biggest loss in your business is *not* the time you spend training someone else--it’s the value that you lose when you choose to do it all yourself.

Delegating effectively means valuing your time and filling that time with something that’s more valuable. If you do that, you’ll consistently increase the value that you bring to the organization, your business will continue growing, and you’ll become more effective and more fulfilled as a leader.

**FOOTNOTE ON EVERY EMAIL**

P.S. Whenever you’re ready... here are 4 ways I can help you delegate more effectively:  
   
1\. Reply to this email with a question

You might not get an in-depth reply, but you’ll probably see my response in a future email\! Just hit reply and drop me a line\!

   
2\. Request your free copy of the Risk Free Delegation booklet

It’s our practical guide to hand off important parts of your business without risking customers, profit, or growth \-- Click Here

   
3\. Sign up for a Nuclear Reactor Lab event with your team

We’ll work together with your team to help everyone get more done, while having fun doing it. Send me a message with the word “Nuclear”...tell me a little about your team and what you’d like to see, and I’ll get you all the details.

   
4\. Work privately with us to deep-dive into your business

We’ll help streamline your business by understanding the unique challenges of your business, helping you put the right processes in place, and supporting them by solutions custom-tailored for your business. Drop me a line with the word “Elite”...tell me about your business and what you’d like to work on, and I’ll get you those details.

---

How to get

over the fear of delegating.

A lot of people

struggle with

the fear of delegation.

There's a lot of reasons for this.

First of all, many people, when they get to get around to delegating, they know much more than, than anybody else, and they know all the potential pitfalls. And they,

they know what mistakes are going to cost the company money, or the organization money, they're going to know what what

what are the important factors that will cause a city.

For some people,

there's a fear of delegating, because

they know that if if they delegate effectively,

they may become replaceable,

you only become replaceable,

and one condition if if you replicate yourself without increasing

the value of what you provide.

And this key concept

of understanding not only the value of your time now that the value of

your time in the future is one of the most critical is a

critical piece in understanding how to delegate more

effectively.

Here's the common common thing that I hear

it, I don't have time to delegate, I'm too busy,

and I can do it faster

and better than anybody else. This is a very short sighted perspective

Do you want to delegate effectively,

you have to

understand that you need to increase the value of your time

to increase the value of your time, you need to be able to do things that are more

important and more valuable to the to the

organization into the business.

In order to do something

more valuable for the organization for your business,

you need to stop

doing something, the only way that you can stop doing something

is the hand of the things that you're doing to somebody else.

When you delegate effectively,

you're making an investment into the future of yourself as a leader

and into the future of your

organization.

The fact that it takes somebody longer than you and it's done

less perfectly, didn't you in a situation doesn't matter

if you're concerned

about somebody else take you longer than you you're undervaluing your time,

your time as a leader is always more

valuable than the people that

you lead.

Why it's not because you're more important than them.

It's not because

I wanted to say it. It's not because you

have more intrinsic values.

And that because your choices

and your influence on the organization has a greater impact than there

The only time

that you run the risk of not

making yourself replaceable. It's when you choose not just do higher value thing.

Let me give you an example.

If you're early on in your business, you might be spending a lot of time doing invoicing invoicing your customers

seems like an important thing to do. Because

this is part of what ensures that you've got

money in the bank.

With time

you'll find that you're you're becoming busier

and busier and you don't have time to do

you'll just find yourself becoming busier and busier.

As soon as you start handing off that piece of business, you can start looking

at

other interesting pieces of other business such as are there ways

that we can that we could do that my team

members can can work more effectively

other

tools that they should have access to that will

make them work more efficient.

And as you can do you grow that part of the organization you'll find yourself becoming increasingly

busy with with managing your seat

time you'll choose to replace yourself with somebody who oversees operation.

From there

you'll start to put yourself into a position where you manage and oversee

your leadership staff, your management staff

you keep them accountable

for reports you you met, you look at the business of a

high level and you engage with that

you'll go from

putting together

the the advertisements on a daily basis to

say daily weekly plans to setting quarterly and annual objectives.

And you'll continue to do

that as you continue to do that. And as you continue to delegate your value and what you spend time on continues to increase

as you continue to replace yourself.

Stop looking at

how to how to find the right staff

to how to find the right leadership now to create the right culture in your organization.

Last of all, when you're busy, too busy to do that you may choose to replace yourself as the CEO

and instead of spending your time

focusing on the business and what you could do in the business

you may choose to

spend your time looking at the market looking for untapped opportunities

can you choose to become the

Warren Buffett of

your own portfolio,

leveraging the existing business that you have a place to match new a new opportunities,

none of this can happen.

If you don't choose today to give somebody on your team a chance to pay those bills

to make that phone call to oversee that project.

Take take the initiative to take that one thing off your plate.

It all

starts now. And the biggest mistake at night. Sorry, the biggest loss

that you have in your business is

not

the time loss training somebody else it's the opportunity that you lose when you choose to do it all yourself.

delegating effectively means valuing your time and filling that time was something that's more

valuable to you do that you'll get you'll consistently improve the increase the value that you bring to the organization you will continually grow your business

and you'll find

yourself becoming more effective as you

find yourself

you find yourself becoming more effective as a as a leader I think more effective and more fulfilled as a leader select that.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

