Many of us have worked with a micromanaging leader--the one who looks over everyone’s shoulder making sure they do everything the *right way*. 

Even though we never want to be that kind of person, many of us unintentionally fall into the trap of micromanaging. So how do we avoid that trap?

We need to understand what effective delegation looks like. There are two ways of delegating:

* **Task-driven delegation**, where you hand out small assignments and outline specific steps for others to follow.   
* **Outcome-driven delegation**, where you show what needs to be done, but allow others to determine the process to accomplish it. 

Task-driven delegation treats people like machines. Just a bunch of robots who get paid for going through the motions. Welcome to the soul-sucking corporate cubicle\!

Outcome-driven delegation allows your team members to find the best path from point A to point B. This doesn’t rule out documentation and checklists. It simply means that you empower your employees to define the process to get there. 

Even though you delegate an outcome to a team member, you may still help them develop the process. Your involvement depends on the technical difficulty of the job at hand. It also depends on who you’re working with.

* Some team members love the challenge of figuring out the best way to accomplish the task. Tell them what you're looking for, and they’ll find the best way to get there. 

* Some team members will find it overwhelming to find their own path. The best thing you can do is give them a roadmap, and they’ll follow it to a tee. 

* Some team members want to have a starting place for the process. Once they’ve got it, they’ll do whatever it takes to continue improving that process. They’ll make it better and make it their own. 

Take a minute to reflect on a recent time you delegated to a team member. Did you assign them a task or an outcome? How can you begin delegating outcomes to your team?

In the next email we're going to look at how to clearly define outcomes and how to set up your team members for success.  
---

How to know when you are micromanaging.

Many of us have experienced the micro managing leader dot someone who has been looking over our shoulder and making sure that we do everything right. Many times when we're in the situation, we feel like nothing that we do measures up. But here's the question

sorry, back up.

Even though we never want to be that kind of person, many of us unintentionally fall into that trap of becoming a micromanaging leader. So how do we avoid that trap.

To understand how to do that we need we need to understand what effective delegation looks like.

There are two ways of delegating. You can delegate, you can have task driven delegation, or you give small assignments and individual steps for people to follow. Or you can have outcome driven delegation where you where you show people what needs to be done, and allow them to determine the process and to allow them to control the process to getting it then let's take a look at something something sorry, back

up.

When when using task driven delegation,

we basically end up treating people like machines, we tell them,

we give them direct step by step instructions

of what needs to be done,

we have to understand that

we have to understand that people are not machines, and we can't treat them like that

outcome driven

delegation allows us to clearly define what it is that we're looking for, what are the non negotiable and allow allow our team members to find the best best path from here to there.

Just because we use output

outcome driven delegation does not mean that we don't, we don't document the the steps required, or we don't follow it a checklist. But it does mean that

we put the control of the process into the hands of our employees.

So the first important distinction

is between task driven and outcome driven delegation.

The second important distinction, and the second important element of effective delegation is setting clear expectations of

of the timeline. In many ways, this is just a matter of clearly defining the outcome.

But many people fail to set these this this expectation clearly, and because of that,

the the leader will check in frequently with their team member to see and ask them question, is it done yet? Is it done yet? Is it done yet,

and this ends up becoming a in this in the end of micro managing their team members. In that way,

I want to make an important note on outcome outcome based delegation, outcome driven delegation.

Just because you're delegating an outcome to a team member does not mean that you it does not determine whether or not you help them with the process for some team members. Some team members will be highly engaged, when they have the opportunity to figure out the process. You let them know what it is you're looking for, and they find the best way to get there. other team members will find that overwhelming. And the best thing that you can do for them is give them an existing process, give them a roadmap that they can follow, and they'll they'll follow and they'll they'll make sure that it happens and there's there's some hybrids between the two of people who want to have a starting place for process but they'll do they'll do whatever it takes to continue improving upon that process and making it better and making it their own

in the next email we're going to take a look at

what what it takes to set effective outcomes

and the next email we're going to look at how to clearly define outcomes and how to set up your team members by success by clearly articulating what it is that you're that you're looking for. Until then, let's with

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

