So today we're going into delegation systems and email Deep Dive. And hopefully, this will be pretty interactive time, feel free to jump in and interrupt. And I'll try to keep my eye open on the chat and all those good, good things. The I wanted to just start a little bit with the inspiration before this, first of all, if if you do have specific things that you want out of this, it would be tremendously helpful for you to say, hey, I really want X or Y, there's some of the things that came through and some of the messages but and also, once again, feel free to jump in with, with some conversations or wisdom with questions as we go. So I committed to doing this, and this is one of those, you know, put together this parachute on the way down, and we can have a go, I had a conversation with a friend of mine who over lunch she was like, so what it is, what is it that you actually do? And I really want to understand why some websites scale and some websites don't and why is it so expensive to have millions and millions of video views, et cetera, et cetera. And it uncovered this whole line of thinking, and I realized that, that there's, there's been this whole way of thinking about the world and thinking about processing systems, it's become, it's been deeply innate. And and that conversation really helped to bubble a lot of those things up to the surface. And I say it not not strictly because somehow it was born with it. But because we'll get to that in a moment. The email actually originated from kind of a deep dive that I've been doing around what is my artistic selling proposition. And I realized that I'm in this kind of strange place where I think systems are actually part of my art that I create. And it's part of my my part of what I what I invent. My first invention was as a four year old, which I did not actually create. But as a four year old, I tweeted this, I sketched out the sandwich making machine. And I just thought about how much easier and better the world would be if we could all like, automatically make sandwiches without any kind of labor, any involvement like that, and how amazing it would be for the restaurant and all of those types of things. So from a really young age, I was always kind of looking to get out of work, and to do less. And a bit of, of laziness to kind of, hopefully productive laziness that set in, early on. Now along the way, I've been working with with my, my brother and I have been developing custom. Let me take one step back from that. And my background is in software development, wrote, wrote software helped banks, insurance companies manage bond investments, and was part of a part of a major initiative to take a Windows only product and make it natively available on the web, allowing the windows and web platforms to interact. And also, and, you know, do this whole thing without breaking anything massive undertaking. But it's positioned the company now to put themselves smack dab in the middle of a fantastic network as a result of as a result of that work.   
I've been working with my brother to take some of these same software, billing skills, skills and apply them to businesses, where we basically take a look at business process and and we build custom software around the business process to help streamline it. So from from age eight, when I first started programming, and throughout most of my career, I've been living and breathing systems and and systems have become deeply ingrained in kind of within me and how I how I think and how I operate. There's a variety of reasons for that. But all of these forces have kind of combined. And I've realized that I've been, this has gone way deeper than what I've actually realized at first. So that's a precursor in context. So where do we want to go from go today? There's, there's two things that I want to unpack. The first is just the system's perspective, which is what like, how do you how do you think how do you look at the world from a from a systems perspective, and have something that is deeply visceral, where you look at something, and you can see that system that's at play, you can see the system that work should be at play, you can see where the bottlenecks are, where the issues are the challenges, etc. And this is the, this is that massive brain explosion that I had, we could have to go after, after going out, out to lunch with my friend. And the second part of this and this is just assembling that body of knowledge into into a single cohesive unit and the second half, I'm gonna go into more of a practicum like how do you how do you actually apply this? What are the actual tools examples, all those parts and and as well as how to kick start this whole process and taking whatever time for q\&a. So part one systems perspective. I think one of the things It's really helpful to understand is that your business, this is coming from the perspective of your business being a system. And if it's about a system, it's about your business. So in this first section, we talk more broadly about systems. But if you have this kind of secondary line of thought, thinking about your business and how these things apply, I think you'll, you'll get some helpful insights along the way. I think if you boil down a system to its three basic steps, there is some kind of external input, there's some kind of internal transformation. And there's some kind of external output. Now, this can be as simple as a fulcrum, where you put your foot on a on a board, and that's the external input. The fulcrum provides the transformation, and it lifts something really heavy, on the other end, and that's the external output. Now, this also applies to business, there's some kind of external input, there's a customer who shows up, they, they provide you with some kind of input, financial plus, informational plus, all of that you provide, there's some kind of internal transformation, and you provide some kind of value, or some kind of output on on the backside of this. When you're sitting at a coffee shop, customer walks in, they place an order, that's an external input, and there's the process of making the coffee. And then there's the process of delivering it, that process of making the coffee is internal transformation, that process of delivering it is the external output. And then each, so within these within these pieces, there are three primary, three primary components that I see there's the information, that's, that's involved, there's the choices that are made. And then then there are the actions that are made. And using borrowing the famous kind of technical triangle perspective, there is, these are the these are the three components that are, that are deeply entwined within, within a system. So you can't have any meaningful system without information that's being processed. It's not really a meaningful system without some kind of, well, I guess there are meaningful systems without decision making. But within the context of what we're looking at here, decision making becomes, is part of it and the actual execution. So you have external input is information or in some cases, energy coming in, there is a internal transformation where there's a series of decisions and choices that are made to provide some kind of to provide some kind of action, which provides external output back out to back out to the person any any kind of questions or feedback, or anything on that piece of it?

Alright, so, so, I want to talk to you because So, in this whole process, I came to understand that I looked at, at systems from a different perspective than some of my peers did when I was doing software development. And this is the myth of the operating manual. I think building effective systems is more than building some kind of step by step instructions or some kind of operating manual. Because if I observe good developers across across the scope, good developers think in linear step by step fashion, like what are the what are the tasks that need to be executed in order in order in order to make something happen, but great designers see all the parts, and they see how they interact. And I think that's the difference between kind of this tactical perspective and this systems perspective. And I think this is also one of the reasons why it's difficult to scale when you're working in the business, because when you're in the business, there is this, you're focused on the step by step tasks that need to be need to be executed, you're thinking very linearly. And when you step back from the business that gives you gives you the opportunity to look at that pieces in relation to the whole and allows you to see how they, how they interact. Yes, I will be happy to provide the slides and best with the recording. So what are some traits of great systems, great systems simplify the steps, step by step process. So one of the places this becomes super clear is in software, there's there's these layers of instruction that are very granular down at the bottom, you have the ones and zeros and then there are languages that are really complicated that make it a little easier, and then less complicated and even more easier, and then an even easier, and then there's apps that that hide all the programming practically from you. So Zapier is a great example, you can enter some simple prompts to connect all your accounts super simple, but there's layers upon layers underneath that because underneath the prompt, there are plugins that use the easier to learn languages like JavaScript or Python. And JavaScript Python is predominantly implemented in a language in a harder to learn language called C. And C gets translated into this impossible to understand machine code which is essentially the byte the ones and zeros that make it all work. This is not that dissimilar from how a business operates, because when somebody comes to you and they say, Hey, I want a, if you walk into a coffee shop and say, I want a caramel macchiato, and I would like a decaf, there's a certain in with this kind of milk, there's a certain set of steps that are hidden from you that the barista goes and implements. So that one simple instruction just ballooned into one to two dozen different steps of what's actually needed, or half a dozen steps maybe of things that need to be done in order to provide your coffee. And, and this is the this is how. So every great system hides, system series of systems, hide and simplify the step by step process. And by doing so they create leverage to make work more easily executed. Now, this also, this line of thinking also applies when you're working with different levels of, say, a corporate ladder or different organizational hierarchy, where the people at the bottom of the at the bottom of the tree are working very in much more tactical task driven, a much more tactical task driven basis, as you go up the tree. There's higher level instructions and, and higher level initiatives that encapsulate a lot of effort in a very small amount of space, I think it's also helpful understand that great great systems contain more systems. Again, computers using computers, as a great example, if you're running an operating system like Mac or Windows, then there is a, there are software suites like Microsoft Office that has have individual programs within that, such as Microsoft Word which have individual modules like spellcheck, with individual features like word highlighting, which with specific functions like checking a word spelling, and, you know, literally putting the highlight underneath it. And each of those is, is code that is broken down further and further into sets of sets of instructions. We see this within a business, you have the whole business as a system, but the marketing department is a system. And within the marketing department, the Google AdWords and Facebook are systems and within the delivery process, there's there's all of these systems that are are all at play. And not only that the business itself is part of a bigger system, which is called the economy, which is called the National the local economy, the national economy, the global economy. So, so systems relate with systems, and it means that systems are only meaningful if they interact outside of themselves. So there's a theorem that says that there's no sorry, I should have, I should have gotten this but in essence, systems need contexts outside of themselves, for them to be truly, truly meaningful. And, as I mentioned, just now, an example is businesses within your market. Now, there's an underlying structure to systems which means that if you can start to to recognize the underlying structure, you can start to identify you can you can identify where systems are at play, you see an orange charts you see it in your computer files and folders, you see it? What's the navigation, you see it in contents, nation states of Providence County cities, postal routes, see it McDonald's directors and more like, what's what is that structure. And trees, I believe, are the language of systems, which makes sense when you flip them. There's a global system. But if you flip them on the on its head, then you have an org chart. And this whole concept that you have, you have some kind of node, some kind of piece, some bigger hole that is divided into smaller parts, which is divided into smaller parts, or some kind of one thing that's responsible for more things which are responsible for more things, that is the foundational structure of systems. And when you're able to recognize when you're able to look at work, the work that you do from that perspective, when you're able to look at your business from that perspective, when you're able to look at any number of things from that perspective. I think that starts giving you the framework just to see and recognize systems where they existed where they made made us make, yeah, where they're at. There's this rule that overloaded systems want to divide. And if you try to grow a system past its capacity, it gets to an inordinate amount of complexity, it will stall, it will break and it will, it will begin to lose its function until you divide it and give it the freedom to, to subdivide and continue to grow. If you look at a branch, as the branch grows, it will continue to grow, it will sprout new branches, new branches, new branches, etc. You see this with overworked staff, that if you take somebody and you run them at 110% capacity, there's going to become a time at which they're going to crumble, they're going to stop performing, they're going to break down they're going to fill in the blank and what they want to do is they want to divide the responsibilities in one or more parts so that they can so so that the responsibilities and the work achieved can actually continue to grow. We see the same thing within a stagnant or a flooded market. So, if you have a market, that's that saturated, that's completely flooded, it's an invitation for fragmentation for division, which leads to growth. Somebody, somebody comes in and carves off a segment of the market, does whatever they want to do. And suddenly, there's, instead of just one market, there's two markets or more. We see this in terms of responsibilities. So all all tasks and roles that grow start is just a series of steps, these things that are doing, and as they grow and grow and grow and grow, you reach this point where there's this breaking point. And then you you get to evaluate and say, Well, what are the big categories of things that are happening as part of this role, or this, these responsibilities, and it allows you to carve off those pieces and continue, and then allow those individual parts to continue to naturally grow. As biology systems, it's organizations, it's, I think, pretty much natural law. And, and there's a there's an implication of this, which, which we'll, we'll touch on later, but we can touch on now, which is one of the most useful ways and useful places to delegate immediately is finding the most overloaded part of your system, and looking at where those natural dividing points are, and find and delegating out of that particular out of that particular spot. And so along with that, there is their fault lines that you hear. Live on the fly, as promised. So what are things that cause growth to stall out? Actually, I was going to skip this slide. But since we're here, what are the things that cause it to fail? If you don't have any kind of action, it's impossible to systematize and grow. If you don't, if you're not able to recognize the patterns within of the work that's being done, you're not able to delegate, you're not able to break those pieces apart. And certainly, if you can't delegate and spin those off, then you're stuck. So systems are like trees. And systems are also fractal which I mentioned earlier, there are systems within systems and systems have systems. And you can, you can zoom in very closely into a system and you can zoom out very macro level and a system becomes a very useful way of looking at the looking at the world.

So as a result of that, as I was thinking of working on this on Friday, on Friday, it I realized that most of my work in systems in my best work in systems has always been related to tree structures. And it's always been, it's always had this 8020 element to it. And so I think systems are inherently 8020, or they inherently follow the Pareto Principle. I think they they follow the rules of stable versus unstable systems, which mean means that when they top like a 90 to 1090 10 ratio, that they become unstable. And I think they follow very into the power curve. So this sent me down the rabbit hole, which said, I believe there's a whole set of math that's related to, to systems and management. And there is if you so there's a whole set of questions that because of because organizations are tree structures, because they're practical. And because they apply the 8020 principle, there's a whole set of questions that you can ask that can can give you perspective as far as scalability, margin, work, expansion of a workload tying back into into scalability, stability, based on management, efficiency and labor overhead, or how many management layers you need to support a certain level of work output. So if you haven't, so I put together this little tool, if you have an organization of 100 people, and you have two levels of management we're using a in this particular case, we're using a formula with proximation but it requires approximately 10 direct reports per management position, which is very upper end of where you might want it to be. So we have 100 people 11 of which are in management and 89 of which are this is assuming an equal distribution across the entire organization 89 workers the management structure has has Ada 12 efficiency. If you if you increase the organization size 220 You increase to an average of 11 direct reports and you start entering these upper bounds of the ratio between the ratio between the work that's being done. And the management that's required to actually get the work done. increases. If you want to have, let's say you, you have two levels of management and you you are willing to go up to eight now eight, an average number of eight direct reports, it allows you to, that allows you to scale up to a structure that has 73 people, including 64 work, people who are workers 12%, management overhead and 80% 88%. Going towards the work that's actually being done. So. Hey, interesting questions, too, to go down the, to kind of go down that management. rabbit trail. Any any questions from any of them so far? Cool. So, way back, when we took a look at these at this different components, we took a look at the three components that I had in the triangle, one was communication, one was one was decision making, and one was action? Well, I think one of the things is really helpful to understand in terms of systems is that there are two two kinds of communication that lie on a scale. One is broadcast communication, and what is targeted communication.

Think it's important to realize that these two types of communication happened very differently.  
Ah, radio, Kelly,

and you can access the tool. So So with that, you have to understand that any, any communication system has a maximum bandwidth of communication, there is a volume, whether it's because of the person who's on the other end, whether it's because of for whatever reason, there's an issue of, of maximum bandwidth. So, so broadcasts communication is a one to many, like broadly broadcast communication, targeted communication is one to one higher friction. So take a look at product broadcast communication, it's low friction, lower quality, and high bandwidth. So you can you can, you can communicate a high volume of information in a very short amount of time. But communication works differently with with when you've maxed out the bandwidth communication attempts continue, regardless of available bandwidth. So even even if you've maxed out the bandwidth, there's still an attempt to continue to communicate. And it requires, it requires end users to filter out what is relevant to them. And if if it exceeds the maximum bandwidth, either you have to I mean, sometimes you can recognize it on the broadcasting side. And you can choose what you actually actually put out, or it just straight up this, this communication gets lost. A great example is all the times when you're sitting on a yeah, you're sitting on a zoom call, and somebody makes a comment about needing to go turn off the reset the router so that they kick off their teenage kid off the game so that they can get their bandwidth back. I mean, this is a case where there's this, this overload of, of, of communication, predominantly, in this case, broadcast communication, that is, that is using up the bandwidth and causing causing data to be lost signals to be dropped. So it can either be filtered or prioritized by the user agreement. Good example is radio where you get to tune into the into the station. But even with that, there's like there is limited bandwidth, you can only listen to one radio station at a time, or it's by the medium. So we all remember the days of Facebook, when you can see everybody's posts and all these things. And people have gotten used to this by now. But we also remember all the arguments about how Facebook was evil, and they're not hiding people's posts and et cetera, et cetera. Well, in reality, Facebook had reached its maximum capacity on broadcast communication, and there was no more capacity. And so they took it into their hands and said, Hey, we're going to filter and prioritize what has been communicated. So that to benefit us, rather than just allowing those these choices to be made randomly based on chance. Another example is lost emails, and we'll get to this in a little bit but the reasons why people's emails get lost is because they are in there's there's this noise of broadcast communication targeted communication is very different. It's high friction. It's high quality and it's low bandwidth. It's his communication slows based on the available bandwidth. So if you don't have the available bandwidth, the communication slows down. The classic case in point, can I get a meeting? No, you can't, because my buddy because I don't have bandwidth for meeting. It's more easily prioritize for essential versus non essential communication. In person, you know, person to person personal emails, sorry, in person meetings is what I meant to say here. Some kinds of, of certain types of email, postal mail, those are those are examples of targeted communication. There's a specific person or specific set of people that you're wanting to wanting to reach. And it's done with intent. Large volumes of broadcast communication will slow down targeted communication. This is one of the reasons why emails get lost in the inbox is because there is this barrage of broadcast communication, and the actual targeted communication isn't isn't being communicated. If you this is. So your your first rule of business when dealing with your email, which we'll get to this more in depth, but your first rule of business is to divide this between broadcast communication and targeted communication, if the only thing you implement right now is set up filters for all of your broadcasts communication and go squirrel them away everybody everywhere else, and set up your filters for email that you know is targeted information, you've you've immediately solved a major constraint in in your communication bandwidth in your email. This is also why the difference between broadcast versus targeted communication is also why you email a dozen people and get no responses. But if you actually text people directly, then you get them all decide to sign up. Because broadcasts communication adds to the noise targeted communication cuts through the noise. It's also why if you're ever in an emergency, you should call out, ask one bystander to help you instead of saying hey, would somebody please help me, you in the blue shirt help me out. So there's the there's the targeted and broadcast communication. But then there's also the internal versus external communication. And every healthy system has two areas of communication, internal communication and external communication. So internal communication is communication that happens within the system. It's, it's what the system needs to have within itself, so that it continues to function. But then there's the external communication, which is how it interacts with the outside world. So you have everything that happens within a department and all the department people within the department are talking to each other, but then the department needs to talk to somebody else and do another department, and that's external to the department. So it happens at a department level, it happens on a business level, there's all of the conversations that happen within a business, there's conversations that are external, where we're talking, talking with customers, and how the customer experiences it. As, as a, as a, as a system grows, as it grows to its capacity, the more the the more the the communication within this, that sphere continues to grow. So all of a sudden, you have this whole department that's chattering with each other, and there's this noise, and its relevance decreases, and you increase the broad the amount of broadcast communication. And so people start stop getting people stop hearing what they need to hear. They stopped comprehending all of those things. And the weird thing is, we already told you we sent this email, we did this, we did that. But it's not getting through, why is it because the system has, has maxed out its communication bandwidth, people are overwhelmed. And that's one of the signals that there's that there needs to be some kind of segmentation and breaking apart of some roles and tasks and responsibilities. When when the noise of the communication increases too far, the complexity of a system is proportional to the number of people you communicate with. So if you want to reduce complexity department, everybody in department a is talking to everybody in department B that's that's a lot of people talking to each other, reduce the number of people who have to communicate with each other, you'll you'll lower the complexity, the number of times you have to communicate them, or you communicate communicating with them constantly, or is there are there? Is it daily? Is it weekly? Is it monthly? Those that reducing the number of times that you need to communicate will overcome complexity and the types of communication that you have with them? Are you communicating with them about a bajillion different things? Or is there a set of a small set of segment, small, small categories of things that you communicate with them? So looking at the so reducing the number of people, times you need to communicate and the types of communication will help lower the noise within within an environment. And by the way, broadcast communication and noise in environments is one of the reasons why people don't get creative inspiration, inspirational ideas, and so if you're not getting enough creative inspirational ideas, then reduce the number of people you communicate with and reduce the times you communicate with them and reduce the types of communication that you outwork them. A simplified system removes as much external communication as possible without compromising the utility of the system, I think, think there's there is a thing of over optimization where you optimize, optimize, optimize a system to so far that it becomes unstable, which is what we see with at the moment that you get 10 or more direct reports, you've crossed the threshold into an unstable system, and you've optimized it too far. And it's going to break. Awesome. Jay, you okay? Along with this with communication information, you have to understand that there needs to be some kind of source of truth, which are two, apparently competing, but important realities that healthy systems require a single source of truth. And healthy systems require redundancy. So one of the challenges that we often solve in terms of software is everybody has different ideas about when this product is gonna be delivered, or when this this thing is supposed to be supposed to happen or some other thing like, there has to be one source of truth for what, what is the state of this thing? And, and the more variance you have, in that information, the more trouble that you create operationally, healthy systems also require redundancy, I think having a single just because you have a source of truth does not mean that you have, you need to have a single point of failure. What happens if you put all your information into an existing Excel spreadsheet, or you're scheduling information into a single Excel spreadsheet, and you lose the spreadsheet? Well, there's ways to have redundancy so that you don't lose lose a spreadsheet, even though you have a single source of truth. So questions on communication? Good.

All right. system based decision making, I want to distinct distinguish between human decision making and complex decision making versus based decision making. Because yes, Jay,

before, before we leave that I just wanted to comment. When you talked about do we want to improve communication, that we have to eliminate the number of people or things that we're doing that is a a critical thing, for getting memos or for understanding, because you have to have some time to stop and think about new ideas and what you're wanting what you're looking for, out of out of the people or the audience that you're trying to connect with. And, and that just made me realize that there are groups of people that, that I have to limit the number of people in that group that I communicate with, in order to have a better impact on the group. So thank you for sharing that.

Yeah, you're welcome. Thanks for the feedback, Jay.

All right. So the system based decision making, there's a difference between intelligent decision, like, I guess, intelligent decision making and non intelligent decision making, and I'm going to basically categorize system based decision making as as decision making that's designed for anticipated events. So systems become overbearing, when they universally apply decision making an actions to inappropriate situations, we've all been part of a chat bot, or part of some kind of phone experience, or some kind of customer service experience where, well, here's the rule. And so because this is the rule, this is what's going to happen, and shame on you for asking anything different. And, you know, we're gonna smack you over the head and make you make you follow this, this procedure. The reality is that systems can only account for when you build systems, they can only account for things that you can already anticipate. And if you anticipate any exceptions to that, then you can account for the exceptions and then handle the exceptions and how the exceptions should work. But there's some some situations in within within business that I think can be can be helpful. That, you know, just just as examples, if you're as you're building out business business process, it might be that certain recurring invoices only get set and sent over a certain dollar threshold or that refunds are always pre approved under a certain set of conditions or that there's a certain amount of discretionary money that can be spent to keep the customer happy or, you know, any number of any number of boundaries. So your question is asked regarding this kind of system based decision making if you're wondering if if there's a I think one of the ways that you can detect a lack of this is when there's a lot of fires to be to be fought a lot of questions to be answered. There's, there's a lot of things that come bubbling to you for for a response and feedback. So some helpful questions to ask around these are what are the boundary conditions that we need to enforce here? What is too much? What is too little? What is too frequent? What is too infrequent? What are the enumerate the possible scenarios of the common scenarios that could happen in this particular case? What should happen in the what should happen in the exception case? Etc. Don't really have a whole lot to add to that system base execution is also designed for for predictable, repeatable actions must be clearly defined, I think it's fair to note that it can be based on machine or human automation. And if you look at that, from the context of a business than Yeah, there are certain tasks that not all tasks should be should be automated by machines, there are some tasks that should be automated by people instead of machines.

This is like the surface of kind of this, this whole thing that like kind of unpacked is kind of going into this and I don't know, any, any part of this that that would be helpful for you guys to go. To go deeper into. Can you just go back to questions to ask for just a moment? I went, I was didn't. Okay, let me just read this again. Too fast the first time? Yep. Okay, thanks.

I think if there ever is a encore to this, or a sequel to this, I suspect there's there's some really interesting things about how you work with systems and how do you refactor systems? How do you rearrange parts? How do you prevent systems from breaking in the middle of changes, and those those types of things. So part two, where this actually gets practical, and this is where I think this is probably the piece where I struggled the most, to be fully transparent, I struggle the most with the and to close to what I'm doing to actually it's almost like a fish in water kind of problem. And so hopefully, this is as thorough as, as it's probably going to serve as can be, hopefully, it's still helpful. And hopefully, together, we can continue extracting. If you look at the basic, if you look at that business, as a system, it's a really simple system, it's a way of attracting customers, it's a tray, it's a way of fulfilling those, it's, it's a way of repeating that, if possible, that's like, extremely basic thing, but then there's an In addition, there's all of these supporting functions that that go along with that, that don't really fit in that, but nothing else can happen without that. And, and, and like I mentioned before, systems are fractal. So each each of those subsystems within systems. One of the things that is I think it'd be helpful to understand and how to start looking at delegation is, is understanding that there is a once again, value systems are fractal or organizations are fractal. There's at the upper end of the of the orchard, there's the highest value work that's being done. And there's this continual push down the tree of or down the down the chain of lower value work and there's this continual push out off to the side of things that shouldn't be done. And at the very bottom, if you optimize from top to bottom, at the very bottom, you have low value work that can be the lowest value work is almost always the requires the least level of sophistication of training, decision making. And it is usually ends up being the easiest part of the entire process to to automate at some level. So we're gonna talk a little bit about delegation styles. And how to delegate I think one of the one of the one of the challenges that shows up sometimes is really around this. I have the stuff in my head, I don't know how to get this stuff out of my head into somebody else's heads, they can actually do something practically with it. So each of us has a preferred teaching style, speaking writing diagramming and doing and demonstrating. So there's some people prefer to verbally explain what's going on. And some people prefer to have some kind of written communication. Like, here's the, here's the article, or here the steps or here's the information. There's the diagramming the flowcharts. The structure, the connections, like show me the, show me how these pieces fit together. And then, and by doing that I can help you understand or there's the come watch me, look over my shoulder, watch me do it somehow or other, and I will be able to teach you to do it that way. But don't ask me to use words to explain or don't ask me to write it down on paper. And similarly, there's corresponding learning styles, which is, do you prefer to learn by listening? Do you prefer to learn by reading, if you prefer by looking at visuals and flowcharts? Do you need to know how a thing is structured in order to learn? Or do you need to actually be kinesthetically engaged, like you have to, to watch and to do and to get your hands on something? And, and so with this, there's a question of? So with that, there's a question of, well, not only do you want to know the learning style, the teaching style and the learning style, but you also want to know, if you're looking at implementing process within a business, you want to understand what format Do you want it in? Should this be pictures? Should this be video? Should this be tech? Should this be audio? Should this be fill in the blank? Like how? What should How should this be structured? And I think this comes down to a matter of priorities. And a matter of of I mean, it's it's? Well, it really comes down to a matter of priorities. So what's more, most important is it is it most important for you to get for you to be able to offload quickly and quickly create these kinds of processes that other people can take over. Is it important for you and or them to be able to quickly update them? and modify them? Keep them up to date? Or is it more important for it to be fast for them? Do they need to be able to quickly consume it the first time? Or do they need to be able to quickly come back and review it and fill in the gaps? And so with that, that determines the retention style? Do you want to do you want this information? Do you want your processes documented as spoken words, written words, charts and diagrams or videos and pictures?

Any kind of moving through this really quickly does that. That line of thinking makes sense to you guys. Good. So then once you understand that, you can understand what tools you want to use for that. And there's just a whole set of tools that you can do such as recordings, transcriptions, using your phone, whiteboards, charts, my mind maps, documents, chat, text, message, email. So here is another tool set that I put together around delegation style, which is around the question of, how do you prefer to teach? So So let's say that, that somebody prefers to teach by diagramming and outlining the structure. And the most important thing is that we need people to be able to continually come back and look at this and review it. And they're delegating, but they're delegating to somebody who prefers to learn by listening. Okay, so this is a little bit of a curveball at the end. So your preferred style is diagramming and diagramming is the style that is the fastest to continually review and come back to. And because that's your preferred style, you don't need to translate it into in order to put it into a business process. But so you can build out your diagram and invite other people's feedback to finalize it. But because you're delegating to somebody whose preferred style is listening, they may need help translating this into speaking. And just some quick tips on tools that you can use such as recording photos and calls or auto in reference options. So, you may you may put together a flowchart of how this functions and then record yourself explaining this or they may have somebody record their explanation, and they may keep that as, as their resource or go to on on that particular resource. Or we can start over and say I prefer to teach by by writing and now let's let's do it Do I prefer to stage by by speaking, and I want this to be fast to continually update, and the person who, I'm delegating it to somebody who does best by watching and doing. And so your preferred style of speaking, but writing is the style that's fastest to continually update. So you'll need to translate from speaking to writing the best way to do this use otter or rev to turn your speech into text and edit it in its final form. And you may need to help somebody who's translating this into demonstrating or doing or they, they may be able to go through those instructions and be able to, to translate it themselves and get it into the muscle memory. So once again, for speaking, capturing these by recorded calls or transcriptions, for writing, again, depends on whether you're refer this to be the initial draft to be kind of dynamic, or whether you're trying to put together a finished product right out of the out of the gate. But this can be assembled from Word documents, chat transcripts, text messages, emails, etc. And then for demonstrating and doing it could be that you go ahead and get that recorded as a step by step instructions. And then as a secondary level you do something limit recording, or include pictures or videos so that people can visually see what's going on. Kelly, your question?

If this doesn't seem to remain valid means stupid, but you made me think of the fact that if I build a spreadsheet, you know, and Google Sheets or something, um, it's come out of my brain. And so how it works and what its intentions are is clear to me. But I'm also aware of how painfully disorienting it can be to suddenly be confronted with a spreadsheet built by someone else. So maybe the simplest analogy in terms of what you just described is that for me, having someone talk through saying like, here's what's here, and here's why it's here. A minute of that probably spares me 20 minutes of angst and confusion. Yep. Yep. It's a great example. Any

any feedback or questions from you guys on delegation style? Good.

All right, so then, what actual tool sets do you use to put these put these things together? There's actually something that I think it's better to start with, which is, I think anytime that you're building out tools or resources for your team to be able to implement process, delineated structure at there's, there's a few pieces that are important, I think it should be easy access should be easy to search, easy to categorize, categorize, easy to update. And if it's hard to get to, it doesn't become part of the central workflow. If it's hard to find what it is you're looking for, again, it has very low utility. If there's not some kind of logical order or structure to it, then things just kind of fall apart and become disorganized. And when there's no way to update these things, then well, then what's your plan? So Kelly, in your example, here's the spreadsheet. So you can have the spreadsheet living here, you can have the audio file, and, you know, if you want transcript right beside it named identically to the file, like that's a very simple way to make it easy to access, easy to search, easy to categorize. And if you're dealing with audio and you have a transcript, then it actually makes it quite easy to update because you can modify the transcript and then go off the updated transcript. And you have a new audio version of that. As far as actual tools, I think there's anything can work, anything can fail. We've seen people use things like Google Drive or Dropbox, notion, process Street. We're a custom software shop. So we use our own database platform, our own project management tools, our own wiki, email reminders, to tie these pieces together. So as an example, when we're when we're spinning up a new task in the project management system for client engagement, we're able to copy the template from from our documentation over here, and the template lives within our business documentation. And it gets copied into the, into the tasks of the project we go through, check things off, get things done. And if there are any changes, then we go back, if there are any issues that that come up that can be fixed with better process, then we go back into our documentation and say, Hey, after we complete step three, we should also do this other thing, and make sure that this issue doesn't happen again. Within the the wiki, we have a tree structure, not surprisingly, of documentation. And we'll get into categories of how we do that. Different different things, we document different types of training.

job descriptions, live there. And then we also have this tool set around email reminders, which were basically, you know, the first, this is predominantly useful for administrative types of tasks. But it's also useful for other types of things as well. So that you know, every, every Monday, you know, they're every third Monday of the month, like, here's the set of tasks that need to be done for that. And this can be tied into a project management system. There are other ways to do this. But having that kind of recurring. Having those recurring reminders, so as it kind of broke down, what are the different customization tools that we use along the way within the process? Again, software is something that you think of something that's highly custom. But there's actually a lot of there's a lot of repeatable process within within this entire role within the process. So what are some of the tools? Here's the list. And I'm going to just go through them one by one and talk about that a little bit. Checklists, checklists, are great tools to verify work, look for things that can go sideways, things that are really important that actually happen. Did the money make it to the bank? Did the did the? Did we collect the, you know, once we signed on a client, like, do we have all of the relevant materials from the client? Once we've fulfilled on a on a project? What are all the things that actually need to be done? And so we have some very into this on, or actually multiple, multiple sets of this where, you know, in the onboarding process, there's, there's like these reusable checklists, but then even within the projects that we deliver, there's certain checklists that we build out before before, actually, that are that are specific to the project that that we build out and go over before it actually ends up being delivered to to the client.

Yeah, templates, what are places where we're often often building the same thing twice, or writing the same thing twice, or putting the same thing together multiple times. So certain types of emails that are constantly being sent the same? Same way? And because you Mr. Markers, like this isn't, this isn't rocket science, we're familiar with the site with this idea. But what are certain types of client documents or certain types of reports that we're putting together? Similarly, that are basically the same thing, the same way different times, within within our. And there's, there's certain, certain templates that we use within our system design process that become reusable. Training for onboarding. So I think one of the questions here is, what's the baseline skill that you will hire? There's no reason to, if you're hiring somebody with this specific what the expectation is, they have a specific knowledge, obviously, you don't have to have any kind of training for that. But is there? What do you want them to know about your culture? What do you need to know about the process? And what about job specific skills that we need to develop  
in the along the way. And this is, this is  
something that deserves a spot in the slides. But one of the things that's incredibly useful when it comes to building out systems and process is the rule of three, which is basically that you should never try to systematize or automate or do anything like that until you've done something at least three times. And because what's going to happen is you do it once the first time and you're gonna do it kind of right. And then the second time, you're going to realize that there's this other thing that's kind of different, but by the third time, you've actually recognized that, well, here's the things that are that are the same about everything. And here are the things that are different and these are the things that I can extract And these can actually be repeatable. And I can handle handle this off to a VA. One of the places I see people going sideways with virtual assistants is like trying to take these one off tasks that they've barely even mastered themselves and trying to break it down into something that's very tactical for a virtual assistants to do. And then the virtual assistant goes off the rails and nobody knows why. So the rule of three is tremendously helpful. So this particular piece, depending where you're at, has less, has less press less relevance. And then for some of the others in the knowledge base, this is one of the things that we that we opted to do, which is having our having our training actually having a training actually serve as a knowledge base as well. And so there's the the training process is, can be our entire training, you can go through the slides of the training, and go through the individual pieces of the training, or you can search the search for specific pieces of information that you need, such as you know, there's product knowledge, etc, what you need. process and process documentation. These are little ones sheets and things that need to be done repeatedly and can be handed off by somebody else. And and if they're actually documented, then somebody else can take it over. And so it's it's a simple document that has a clear title and single sentence overview and multi step instructions. And here's how it takes you. You just can't screw it up. And if it's wrong, and you go fix it and tweak it and update it. It's a It's a living document. email reminders, what are the things that need to be done on a recurring schedule? What are the things that easily get forgotten? Because they're infrequent? And what are the things that happen on a calendar basis, not a project basis. Different things happen on different timelines. And so keeping your eye out for those things can free your mind from keeping track of all of that job descriptions. Again, there's not really that much to add to this, you know, general categories and explanations for the roles, process for periodically reviewing and updating the job descriptions as well, I might add some of the process documentation if you're not actively using it. Sometimes it some things are used more actively than others. And so if it's not accurate, we use sometimes drift out of dates. And there's a whole bunch of additional software tools that you can use, such as survey tools, or Zapier or Google scripts or spreadsheets or like something custom if you want to or Jillian other bajillion other other ways to do that. Any questions on the I guess, the tool sets

I think one thing that did not make it in slides that I think would be helpful to note that. You know, I think there's a lot of value in finding the low hanging fruit and pursuing what I would call tack tactical delegation, which is basically when you look at your, you look at your, your, your total span of things that you're doing, and you break that apart, and you find the low hanging fruit that you can hand off, breaking that the the lowest value work that you're doing is the work that you should offload first, and is usually the easiest work to to actually offload. And those are the pieces that can be most easily broken out into some kind of simple repeatable process that can be that can be handed off to handed off to somebody else. So what are types of categories and examples that we have within our documentation? There's kind of two ways to think about this. There's a, what is the, you know, kind of what, what, what department or what part of the businesses this does this fall into? And so we categorize a bunch of stuff from that perspective. You know, what are the what are the things that are documented regarding regarding marketing or sales or delivery and fulfillment or client support? Supporting functions? Real training?

Yeah, Mark, process through another SAS tools for workflow. I do not have a question. I don't have a good resource for you on getting a decision towards third party processes and tools, but I will be happy to follow up on that get back to you. So what are some examples of things we put into our sales documentation? What are common objections? How do you frame people's perspective when they're looking to buy? What are proper analogies to use? What is the most important sales training that really matters the most Um, information about delivery fulfillment of the product. practical things like how do you take payment? How do you hand off? Once you've made a sale? How do you hand off the, the client to, to the next person? What's, what's the process for following up with, with leads? Delivering fulfillment, there's certain internal tasks that need to happen and and it ties into into the project management. What's the onboarding process? What's the onboarding call agenda? What are the call schedules going on from that? What's the pricing on the upsell and or next step for the client? Client Support once again, we have we have templates, certain types of common issues that people face or internal tutorials and troubleshooting, like how do you troubleshoot client client issues or product? Product documentation? What are specific features that the clients need to use? I know this is a little different, because we're coming from a software software standpoint, but these are still documenting this common client client questions and and if you if you want to, some of these can be made available to the client and give them easy access to that. It's pretty functions. I mean, like what's your hiring process? What's your this is just super high level and there's people that get way more sophisticated than this. But what's your interview process? Your your what's your job listing process? How do you create a job listing? How do you know when it's time to hire? Let's go way back to the beginning. And by the way, what accounts do you need to create for them? And what's their first day look like? And you know, all of that? What are all the legal pieces that that need to happen? Internal tutorials? What are specific tools that we use as a team? How do you how do you request paid time off? It's a bajillion other things we have a daily and weekly check in process with our team. How do those work? You know, we have we use virtual reception for for our calls. So there's a very detailed process about how calls, inbound calls get handled. job descriptions, which I mentioned earlier.

Yeah, any questions on kind of those broad categories of category? Yeah, just categories.

Okay, let's talk about email. Email is probably is probably one of the things that showed up showed up the most frequently is, hey, we need help with this. This is overwhelming. How do we fix this? I think it's I think there's some basic mindset things that come into this or just perspective coming to this, it's super helpful. One is, you need to understand that email is a communication tool. It's not a project management tool. And email is prioritized by recency and urgency, not based on actual priority. And the more that you rely on your email inbox to prioritize and manage your tasks, the more likely you are to become reactive, because it's not intended so that it's intended for communication. I talked about earlier about this whole thing of your email has two types of communication, it's broadcast communication, and it's targeted communication. And the sooner you do that, the more you can do to filter those out, then the more you can cut through the noise and then get to the root of it. So you can set up automation, for unpaid invoices to there's certain sets of of invoices that we can come in, like send them, send them to a filter, so you can review them on an ongoing basis, if there's if there are receipts, like send those to where they need to go. So that so that those are archived appropriately. I've broken my subscriptions into daily, weekly and monthly, and if if it's not something that I should look at, you know, daily, or like these things that I really value this and it's quality input on a on a, you know, maybe not exactly every day, but on a on a regular basis. And weekly is like lower quality input. And periodically, I'll put my head in there and see what's going on what's interesting, and then monthly is like one of those things that I probably shouldn't unsubscribe, to unsubscribe from but I for whatever reason, there's this little thing in the back of my head that I want to give myself permission to stay subscribed and so I put it in the monthly and if you don't make it on that list, then I'm sorry, you're you're out. And you know and then there's the by the way, who are all the people who really deserve Hi, access to me directly. And their emails can can go to the top of the list and so there's a personal review folder where all of those things go in and unsubscribe from everything is possible and really ought to unsubscribe or review the kind of weekly in monthly things on certainly daily, but it's probably less likely to change change in the weekly and monthly. So the 20 filtering is at filters for individual subscriptions. And it's, it's useful to match on the address on the front address, as well as the address and unsubscribe tag text so that you actually are filtering out real broadcast mail and not personal email from the list owner. And you put them in the right subscription folder, then you add folders for partners, team members, and most important clients, or long term clients into your personal review folder, if that's actually where they where they need to go. And you can help this process by very simple, easy step. And I don't pretend to have taken this super far, but a very easy next step is having an assistant pre process some of that email and go through and unsubscribe to things that you shouldn't be subscribed to and keep your eye open for important things. And, you know, and such. And I think the other piece, so So that just by doing that, you do nothing, nothing more than that. You've separated broadcasts communication, meaningful broadcast communication, and you prioritize broadcast communication. And you've separated it from targeted communication that you actually want to pay attention to. And then you have this other bucket over here, that's just noise and probably 95% of it, you don't actually need to do anything with or you need to unsubscribe or just get rid of the noise, but you, you created some segmentation. Now, how do you effectively deal with the things that you actually need to deal with, and this is probably stuff that any other great productivity guru will, or any great productivity guru will tell you. And it just took me a while to catch on. I don't know. But some of the some of the helpful distinctions for me has been knowing whether something is Is this something that's actually just informational in nature? Or is this actionable in nature? Was just informational, then then send it away? And, well, if it's actually backup, if it's informational? Is it something that needs to be filed away somewhere? Is there someplace where I need to come back and find this? And if so, then it's a short email to, to my system to say this, like, let's, this seems to be filed away? Or if it's? If it's informational, I just know I know it, then it can disappear. And I can always search for the email later. If it's actionable than then when and how does that need to be action? Does it need something in the calendar? Does it need something in the project management system? Or? Or does this require some kind of immediate follow up and let's set up a call or fill in the blank? One of the things that I found myself, for whatever reason, perhaps, you know, perhaps personality, perhaps, who knows why I often find myself getting stalled on trying to make decisions on emails where I did not have sufficient information. And I think one of the things that has become really useful for me is to allow other people to shoulder as much of the of the responsibility as possible, and where there's insufficient information, but putting it back on their shoulders to get the information that I needed in order to make a decision, or if there's some kind of follow up required to put that off on other people's shoulders. Certainly, where appropriate, but, but having that as a lens has been tremendously helpful. And then last of all, is this actually a current? Is this a current priority? There's, there's two senses in that one is, if if we don't do anything about this, will the problem go away? And sometimes problems do? Or is this something that's perceived? You know, it's it was top of mind, it's not actually current priority, it's just showing up on the radar because just showed up on somebody's brain, and it's, and we're looking at it now. So going back to some of the previous discussions about email and being project management. And, for sure, like we could, there's way more that I could or could be doing with email, if I really chose to, this is kind of landed on a happy medium for where I'm at as far as like, touching email, but not getting buried in it. So that's kind of where we're at. Any, any questions on an email?

Good. Alright, so the where to start? So let's say that you actually want to begin working on systemization. You want to implement more process you want to delegate you want to offload fill in the blank, where do you start and what do you do? And so, this is this is the this is this is the Part of the here's the here's the invitation to go deeper, I guess one of the things that I did, that I did over the last 60 days is we build out a time X ray processing tool, where we walk through your activities. And we we, we get an accurate perspective of your time, and break down your highest value activities, your lower value activities. So highest value activities you should focus on including the ones you should start doing. Or you want to start doing the lower value activities of what you need to let go of, and the measurable impact to your your stress, weekly schedule and hourly impact. Output, one of the things that we found is that, unlike the carry around a timesheet for for and keep track track of all your time for 15 minute intervals, and do that for a week, so that you come back at the end. And you actually see all these times were like all these things you should be doing, which can be quite helpful. This is kind of the collapse condensed version of that where we do this within within about an hour. And the pattern very strongly emerges. And usually there's kind of this 8020 of how you're spending your time that requires requires focus. And then there's a question of, yeah. So it's kind of it's a guided process plus software tool tool that we that we walk through to get that. I've been doing a handful, this is something that I pre sold, we had an executive director whose last six months were focused specifically on delegation, and not doing things he shouldn't. And with that, there were there were a few finds that we had one was a meeting that he was hanging on to that he wasn't he had not yet that he needed to let go of and adjust. And because of the impact other people he, you just had not yet started looking at options for what to do with that. And there are also a series of meetings that he was part of it that he realized he really didn't actually need to be part of. We had a salesperson who no lie, was spending 19 hours a week fixing other people's problems, process problems, operational problems, all of these other things and kind of playing the Savior in the business. And when she recognized what she was doing, she realized that her somewhat aggressive sales goals that our sales manager and said would be completely doable if she would stop trying to fix operational problems that aren't actually her fault. And so just setting some boundaries around how she's planning to spend her time. Got her completely changed her mindset on her on our work and our sales goals. There's another Operations Manager. So this is not something that we've implemented, but finding a way to increase hourly value by 49%. These are these are self reported approximations, getting stressed at about half and getting a role time at the job by 21%. So that's the time X ray. If that's interesting, if that's interesting to you, send me an email and we can we can talk about that.  
