Okay, the first one we're going to start with is **strengths, geography**. Some of the things you need to watch out for: if you're an offline business, then you need to watch out for online competitors that may enter your space. It might be that there aren't actually any online competitor's yet, but this is potentially an area of disruption. Now, depending on the type of product that you sell, you might be safer than others. Obviously there have been a lot of retailers that have been uprooted because of Amazon and even major retailers have felt that impact. And so depending on the size of your business, it's safe to assume that one of your threats may be through some kind of online business. 

Now if you're an online business, then one of the things you want to watch out for is other more localized businesses, or geographically centered businesses, that speak more closely, tie more closely to the customer and give a much better customer experience, and one of the things that's very unique is that people can walk into the business and develop a strong loyalty and a strong connection, a strong relationship with the people in the store. And if you're selling something that requires some level of consultation, that's a much more expensive sale, something that requires a lot more trust, that may be a potential threat. 

Now this doesn't mean that this company will turn into a, if you're an online retailer, doesn't mean that they'll directly compete against all the regions that you're able to access. But it's possible. They might, again because the direction that the world is going, this is less likely than the other option, but it is something that you still need to consider if you're an online business. 

If they’re offline, they might also want to watch for neighboring geographies. For example, if they occupy an entire state, they might want to watch out for businesses that are expanding towards that part of the country. If they are in a specific city, they might want to watch for bigger, neighboring cities that will end up developing a reach into their city.

\-

What are ways that you can leverage your positioning already? So I would say that the way that you can leverage it is, especially if you're a local business, there's a lot of local loyalty that you can develop and you can pride yourself in being locally owned, locally employed, partner with local businesses and do what you can to drive local business to your local business. If you're an online business, one of the things that you can do is you can ... sorry I just blanked out.

If you're an online business, obviously one of the things that you provide is convenience. You can create a systematic sales process, you can provide videos and resources that allow people to sell your product. And you can become available anytime, anywhere. I know that's a little bit of a given for online businesses. People just assume that it's still true and it's still the benefit. 

Oh, one more thing that you need to watch for. You should also watch out for online businesses who are entering your space. Being an online business does not make you safe by any search of the imagination. So one of the things that you want to look out for is multiple traffic sources and finding ways to effectively get customers and to bullet-proof yourself against potential rising competitors. 

---

Alright, so **strengths, type of employees and way of working**. So this one is a pretty interesting one as well. So for example, things to watch out for. So, again, this kind of depends on your way of working. If you're relying on non-expert labor, then it means that you have an easy access to a labor pool, you have a proven system and proven process, the things to watch out for then becomes the ease and minimal \[inaudible 00:03:50\] required to replicate what you're doing. If you're relying on experts and training experts then be aware that the cost of acquiring these experts is going to go down every time, and you have to continually innovate and protect yourself against the commoditization of knowledge and expert status.

With contractors versus employees, again this really comes down to what I see for other businesses who are going to see the advantages of what you have to offer, or who are going to take a different route and provide some kind of benefit that actually appeals more to your labor pool or maybe even to your target customer than what you're offering. So really at the end of the day, this requires you to focus really intently just on your selling points of your way of doing business. 

Shared office versus virtual office. So this is ... and some of the things to watch out for with a shared office is that there may be a disruptor who figures out a way to do a virtual office and more importantly, they may be able to find a way to tap into a much greater freelancer pool and drive down their costs by doing that and essentially by hiring freelancers. They can get them at a much, much lower wage and build a much larger network, have them compete, get higher quality content, more appetite, and reduce what you're trying to do.

Now depending on the type of business, some businesses are by nature geographically constrained. Although we see with companies like Uber, that it's possible to have a business model like that that still has geographic limitations but taps into a massively competitive labor pool. So that's something to watch out for. 

Get a virtual office, then things to watch out for is simply the fact that your costs, you have to understand the costs of having a virtual office and understand that having a virtual office will drive up a lot of your costs because of the lack of communication and just the lack of communication. Commission versus hourly is another thing. So you may want to figure out a way to have ... so maybe you want to install flexible hours and you want to let people kind of determine how much they earn. You may install some kind of commission rate and something to watch out for is, its again it kind of goes back to these promises, does your labor pool want stability or do they want risk and opportunity for advancement? Most sales individuals tend to be quick start \[inaudible 00:06:57\]. I think that's true. They tend to be a lot more open to risk and also tend to operate on a commission. And a lot of your laborers tend to not take that kind of risk and value security more. So that's something to watch out for.

And of course, it's always worth watching out for another competitor in your space who takes your angle and takes it two or three steps further, maybe even ten steps further than what you'd actually imagined or thought about. Ways that you can leverage it. So again, this kind of depends a little bit on what is the angle that you're focusing on. If you're focusing on experts versus non experts, either way it's a whim. You're dealing with experts, it's top quality work by top quality people, and if you develop the process that can be served by non experts its either your selling the quality of the process, or you end up passing the savings on to the consumer.   
\-  
So if you can find a way to hire a developer and hire an engineer for having non-experts doing engineering works for $30 an hour instead of $100 an hour, then you can drop your crisis in path and still actually increase your profit margin. With a lot of the other ways of working, one of the best ways to leverage this is in your recruiting. So if it's a contractor, it's just a simple arrangement for both you and them. For employees, again, it's positioning yourself with stability and some of the things that you offer.

Shared office versus virtual office. Virtual office are a lot of people wanting to work from home. It's a pretty common pitch. But if you have a unique industry, that may be something that's enough of an unusual angle that you can actually leverage that. Shared office really ends up being about building family, about building collaboration, about the teamwork and synergy that you can create in a shared office and for some people that ends up being really important. And so if you're looking to attract team players, that may be something you want to capitalize on.

And again, commission versus hourly. Commission, big pitch ways to leverage this pitching to potential employees is that you can earn whatever you want to and it's completely up to you what your limit income is. The hourly, again, this caters more to your stability employees and people. So one of the things that I think you'll want to consider in this is, and this point should probably be moved to the beginning of the section, is you want to consider whether you want to work with risk takers or stabilizers, and how you structure your business, how you structure your compensation and your way of working will probably affect this. And you may also work in a environment where everybody else is working only with stabilizers and you want to find a way to actually get risk takers to be involved and hands on in day-to-day operations. And so you completely turn this on its head and that might actually be your angle on how to kind of leverage the type of employees who end up working. 

---

Okay, so **type of value added**. Things to watch out for. So for example, done-for-you service, focusing on a specific part of the process, things to watch out for, obviously probably one of the biggest things is looking for somebody who is in your relative sphere and wants to add on this as a service somehow. So, for example, if you've been paying attention, Amazon has been offering done-for-you services, and while I don't know the exact strategy of where they're going with this, it seems quite likely that at some point they will allow local handymen to list themselves on Amazon as a done-for-you service. And of course you can jump on there and you can do your own thing, but chances are more than not it's going to be less than what you would you charge your clients directly. You're going to get to keep less of the money and it's going to become more of a challenge. It becomes more challenging for you.

So looking for businesses who are within your sphere or even loosely connected who are looking to integrate what you're doing into their way of working, also if you have some kind of intellectual property that's a unique value add, you need to figure out and obviously protect that and find a way to capitalize on what you've got. But also be aware that other companies will be innovating and I think one of the best things that you can do is to continue innovating, refining, and improving and looking not just for incremental improvements but for fundamental, exponential improvements that can dramatically move you forward.

The ways that you can leverage some of these things is again, if you're creating distance from other people it means that you're probably relatively unique in what you offer. And so it should become a front and central part of how you position yourself in the market. For example, if you are the only one who provides a done-for-you service, where everything is literally done for you, it's zero headaches, zero hassle, you can become the only printer in name of area who can design, print, and also publish online, x, y, and z.

So this becomes because of your uniqueness, you can use this as a way to leverage. You're focusing on specific parts of the process. This allows you to get very in depth and very technical in any specific part of the process. For example, you might focus on a very specific part of the hiring process, or it might be a part of the supply chain or something along those lines. And within that arena, because you focus so deeply on that, you're able to create a deeper network of resources and connections. You're able to develop unique tools that are focused specifically on that part of the value chain, and so really what ends up happening is you have such deep knowledge about that that you're able to do things either better or more efficiently or more effectively than your competitors who are kind of the jack-of-all-trades approach. 

Some of the reports and information really ways to leverage this really comes down to finding the unique benefit that you provide to your client. This is simple marketing concepts, but what is actually the day-to-day life change that clients will experience. In fact, you might want to look at that. That might be one of the things that you might want to start considering as far as what your unique angle is, is what is the unique life change. Other people might help their clients introduce peace of mind through management planning. Your unique angle may be to aggressively increase wealth through entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial means of planning, and the value add that you're giving to them is again, it kind of goes back to the stability which is risk differentiation. You're really focusing on, are you focusing on giving stability to stabilizers or helping risk takers take wise leaps. 

Also with customer service I think this is a phenomenal way to leverage this is with guarantees. The satisfaction guaranteed guarantee is pretty standard. It gets used a lot, but finding a way to make an even stronger guarantee than that and perhaps even offering to pay customers if they really aren't satisfied, there are all kinds of ways that you can actually leverage this and improve upon it. So that's that.

---

The next one, the last one is **technology**. I think technology is actually, okay so, things to watch out for. Watch out for the fact that technology is a rapidly changing field and there's new players showing up to the scene almost every day, and it requires a tremendous amount of momentum. Now if you are in an industry that has aged and doesn't have a high level of momentum, then you're technology has given you quite the leap forward. However, do watch out, you do need to watch out for innovations that are going to significantly undercut your performance. 

Ways that you can leverage this, more likely than not there are almost certainly very clear benefits to your technology. It might be increased accuracy, it might be reduced costs, it might be less headache, it might be greater efficiency. For example, you may have created a systematic process that completely eliminates manual labor. So one thing to watch out for is either somebody figuring out a way to actually harness labor in a way that's cheaper than what you can do with technology. Seems pretty unlikely, but maybe it's possible. And actually I think we should probably scratch that last thought. Another way to leverage that is just positioning yourself as bleeding edge and being in the cutting edge of the field in what you're doing. 

So now for the section where there are no opportunities. This is what we should say. You have a business that is strongly differentiated from your competitors. One of the things that you might want to consider is whether you are close enough to your customers or clients. So actually give them maybe if you're not, you actually want to look for ways where you could move yourself closer to the competition for the sake of getting closer to your customers and clients. However, if you have a business where you're profitable, you're strong, you're growing, you're in a very envied position. You can still find some marginal gains by going over some of the subcategories that were included with each of the sections and look for ways that you could differentiate yourself further in some of those subcategories. 

---

OPPORTUNITIES INTRODUCTION  
Congratulations on building a business that is this strong and good luck as you continue to grow and scale your business. This is the section for the normal opportunities interaction. The following opportunities listed here are ways that you can strengthen your gravity of competition score. They are listed in order of greatest opportunity and greatest return to least return for your effort. Remember that gravity is not linear, it is exponential and so your first steps away from your competition are actually the greatest in boosting your gravity of competition score. Even though they are listed in this order, keep in mind that some of them will yield much greater benefits and will be much easier for you to implement than others.  
---

Alright, now for the **objectives**. Heres some opportunities as far as objectives. So you currently match the same objectives as everybody else as your competitor. So the first question is exactly what are those objectives? And hopefully you've been able to identify that. Maybe there are no clear objectives and your goal then is to create some differentiation to your objectives. So you may look for opportunities to ... and really at this point all that you're trying to do is to set your objective. Obviously there's some tough challenges as far as how you actually achieve or accomplish that, but to start out with, what is your objective? Is it to be the least expensive? Is it to be the most efficient? Is it to provide the best experience? Is it perhaps to provide the luxury line or the luxury brand? 

Determining that objective first and foremost and clarifying that, really is your number one goal. And one of the things that you want to be careful with in this is choosing a single, clear objective. You might choose to have a service system that's comprehensive, you might choose to have an objective of having the simplest service, but your goal is to nail down a single objective. Once you've established that objective, that's when the most difficult work begins, in figuring exactly how you're going to implement that. If you're looking to become the least expensive, then you need to start looking at the very creative ways of lowering your costs either through scalability, perhaps through an innovative way of servicing your customers or clients, looking for new and unusual ways of approaching your business. 

If you're looking to be the most efficient, you may also find yourself going into some of these other categories, but you start looking for ways where you can systemize your business, ways that you can introduce, you can eliminate unnecessary load, workload off of your team, remove features and benefits that don't actually benefit the end user and look to streamline some of those things. If you're looking to provide the best experience, then you're looking for ways to create an atmosphere and an experience that your customers really appreciate and they really enjoy, that they're really great. So you're greatest opportunity here is setting an objective that differentiates yourself from your competition. 

By doing that you can corner a different part of the market.

**Now as far as customers and customer type**, what are your opportunities here? Your opportunities are to segment based on age. For example, you may choose the service strictly millennials, or you may choose the service strictly seniors, or you may choose to focus on busy professionals, middle aged professionals. You may choose the different income bracket, so you may choose to target only the wealthy, choose to only target the middle class, or you may choose to go business versus consumer. So your competitor may be focused on the business market and you may be spotting an opportunity in the consumer market or vice versa. 

You may have a competitor who is focusing on the consumer market, and you may be able to find a niche in the business market. So even if you have a consumer focused business, you may be able to find opportunities through corporate clients, through providing employee benefits, or some other unusual angle that you may actually be able to serve business customers with a business that is typically consumer focused. You may also be able to segment your customers based on their hobbies. So this might be ... maybe there's an unusual segment of your demographic that loves hunting, and so you segment your customer base, you provide the service that is strictly focused towards hunters. 

And one of the opportunities with this is that once you focus on that, you can start marketing to their language, you can target them much more easily, and you can create almost a cult like following from that niche. Something else to consider is that you may choose to have focus on ... so another thing that you might choose is focusing strictly on ... I can't remember exactly where I was on that, but one idea is to focus for example strictly on military or veteran customers, just another way of segmenting.

**So opportunities for chronic services or business model**, one idea on this is, if you have a subscription based business, you might want to turn it into a one time purchase. So what other people are offering as a service, you might figure out a way to turn it into a one time purchase and prevent your customers from needing to buy a subscription. 

You might also choose to do this the other way, where there is something that you're selling and you turn it from a one time purchase to a subscription. A simple example of this is on Amazon, there are a lot of products that you order on a regular basis, and these products can get turned into a subscription model. And that's exactly what Amazon is doing, and you can find other ways to differentiate yourself. This could be an interesting strategy for creating differentiation for yourself. Something else you might consider is changing from a product based business to a service based business or vice versa. So for example, if you have a ... depending on what kind of service you offer, rather than offering it as a service, you develop a product that meets the same needs and allows people to either do it themselves or you create a technology that basically does it for them. This can end up having the effect of also cutting down long term costs as well. 

But this can be another way of ... and some opportunities that you might explore. In a lot of situations, people don't think through these kinds of issues very deeply, and so if you applied some deep thought, you will certainly encounter some challenges in figuring out exactly how to implement it. It's not guaranteed to be easy, but you do have the opportunity to uncover a lot of interesting opportunities here. 

**Opportunities for geography**, so if you are in a business that needs to be very geographically centered, then this poses an interesting problem for you. How do you differentiate yourself geographically? One of the things you might consider is establishing a delivery service or partnering with a delivery service. A simple example is a laundromat delivery service that was launched whenever, a while back, and this is a great example of a business that is limited by geography and they chose to change their geography to a mobile service and open up a lot of really interesting possibilities for them. 

Another example is car windshield replacements. This is something that is typically geographically limited, car detailing is another one. But there's a segment of that that is on mobile detailing. And by doing that they open up a whole other segment. Another example is of fitness and training. So having a mobile fitness ... and once you start looking for these kinds of opportunities you'll see them popping up everywhere. You might also be looking for online alternatives to offline kinds of communities. So if you have a typically offline club or some kind of offline experience, you might start looking for ways to create an online community around that, and utilizing some of these other differentiators to capitalize on what you're doing. 

Now the inverse is also true every cultureship creates a counter culture opportunity, and as the world continues moving to online and digital, it creates this expanding possibility to create offline events and create offline engagements. So if there are services or experiences that people have online, communities that they're part of online, you might actually be able to ... or trainings that they take on line, you may actually be able to differentiate yourself by taking this training and going back and reversing the trend, and actually be turning to do offline events. Now this might also work for maybe you're on the West Coast and there's a major competitor on the East Coast, they're significantly larger or they have other strong advantages over you. One valid choice for creating distance is rather than focusing on where they're focused on is simply focusing on a distinctly different geographic region.

This could be as small as a town, it could be a county, it could be a state, it could be a country. Something else that you want to think of when it comes to countries, is that you ... especially if you have an online business, you might want to start looking at opportunities in foreign countries. A lot of foreign countries are undergoing a lot of similar transformations that the US is experiencing in terms of social media, in terms of access to high speed internet. And the difference is that they're 3, 5, 10 years behind the US and there's a lot of business opportunities, and a much less competitive business landscape in some of these countries. So you might literally start exploring ways of doing international business as a way to create some more opportunities for you. 

**Alright, so opportunities for type of employees and way of working**. Again, more likely than not, your company or your industry has certain standard ways of working. So you might be used to hiring experts, the industry standard might be to hire somebody with a college degree and your kind of neutral approach, or your differentiation approach, may be to hire interns or it may be to literally do apprenticeship. So find people with a natural attitude and train them specifically for the job that you want them to do, and you take it from there. You might be working in an industry that typically uses contract labor, and you may choose to turn it on it's head and hire them as employees or vice versa, turning them into, and working with them as contractors. Share an office or virtual office. 

Again, if you're in a business that typically has everybody in the same office, be aware that there's a lot of advantages to that, but you may also choose to find ... to create the same experience through virtual offices and leverage them, and create differentiation for yourself like that. You might choose to find a creative way of compensating your people, so if you're ... for example in some manufacturing industries, a commission based production is very common, and you may choose to rather than focusing on commission based wage, instead of hiring these people on as employees, and allow them to provide a better working experience for them and actually focus on some of the productivity problems and motivational issues that the commission based wage was intended to solve. 

**Opportunities for type of value added**. So this may be one of the most interesting ones for you, and this requires a creative look at the value that you provide to your customers. So it may be that you have a Done for You service, and instead you enable people to do it themselves. The inverse might also be true, maybe typically there's some high maintenance, maybe high hands on in the business that you're working in and you could take that and you could have a Done for You service. This may be something that you could do for your customer or client while they are not at home, while they're at work. You could take care of certain things for them. You can one of your value ad might be timeliness, it might be the quality and the excellence that you provide, it could be customer service, it could be the guarantee that you offer to them. The value that you provide could also be again narrowed very deeply into a specific niche or a specific part of the process where you have a much deeper knowledge set, and because of that you can approach a specific problem with a lot of greater excellence. 

The value added might also be certain kinds of reports or information that you can give to them based on working with them and of course it's not just the actual information themselves, but there's a value ad based on what they can do with the information that you provide, allowing them to make better decisions if they're in business, allowing them greater peace of mind. So those are some of the opportunities that you have with a value ad. 

**Type of technology**. This comes down to really ... one of the possibilities that you have, especially if you're in an industry that is really not that sophisticated, you can look for opportunities to create, do disrupt your industry by bringing technology into your industry. And this works for a lot of really unsophisticated industries that you think cannot really be tech enabled. And by doing this, you can often significantly increase the benefit to people, sometimes lower the cost, the exact benefit may vary. You may actually not expose people to the technology, you might only use the technology internally, but because you use the technology internally, you create this sort of competition and you can provide a far superior experience and actually do it at a superior profit. 

This might come with certain tools that you have and so, simple example, if you're a handyman, there may be certain tools, tips, ways of getting things done that allow you to get them done significantly faster and do a significantly better job at the same time. This might be equipment, the quality of the equipment, it could be your equipment might be solar powered versus non renewable fuel, and so those are some of the options, some of the opportunities that you have to explore with your technology.  
