One of the biggest temptations a leader faces is the temptation to micromanage. 

Anyone who has worked under a micromanager knows it’s not a fun place to be. Having someone breathe down your neck and dictate your every move is uncomfortable. 

However, once we’ve moved into a leadership position, many of us end up micromanaging as well. The question is, how can we tell when we are micromanaging?

Let’s start with a simple understanding of what effective delegation is. Many think delegation is telling people to do something, using them as a go-fer to do menial tasks. You ask them to sharpen your pencil or take mail to the mailbox and they execute these simple tasks.

While this is certainly a form of delegation, it’s not very effective. True delegation requires you to take a step back and not just look at the specific tasks, but consider the specific outcome that you want to achieve.

Taking the mail to the mailbox is not just walking to the mailbox, it’s making sure the checks arrive before their due date. 

In order to delegate effectively, you have to be able to separate the “what” from the “how.” 

Micromanaging is simply a form of delegation that focuses on the “how.” It focuses on controlling the process for the specific outcome that you want. Let’s take a look at an example.

Let’s say you need to get your accounting system up to date with all your transactions entered into the accounting system. So you guide your team member through step-by-step instructions on how to find the paper bank statements that you filed and manually enter them into the system. 

That’s controlling the “how.” 

Now take a moment to step back and look at what you actually want at the end of the day. Is it accurate numbers and accurate reporting in your accounting system? Then that is what you should define as the outcome for your team member. And let me tell you this, if they are younger than 30 years old, they are not going to manually enter each transaction\! They will figure out what it takes to import the transactions from the online banking system and how to ensure accurate reconciliation. And they are going to provide you with accurate reports in a fraction of the time.

They might even suggest hiring a bookkeeper or a firm that’s much more efficient at these types of activities than you are in-house. They might present you with a cost comparison of what it costs to do this in house versus outsourcing it. 

***When you control the process, you are micromanaging. The only way to effectively empower people is to step back and distinguish between the “what” (the specific outcome you are trying to achieve) and the “how” (the way you are going to achieve it).***

So how do you know you’re micromanaging? It starts with assessing what you are handing off to your team members. How much are your team members operating on outcomes and the results that you’re looking for, and how much are they operating on the steps they have been given? 

If you don’t know the answer, have a conversation with your team members. Ask them if you’re dictating the process or if they are using the process that’s most natural to them.

Finally, different team members will prefer different styles of leadership and different styles of delegation. The most important thing you can do for a team member is to give them the style of leadership that is right for them. 

Some team members will resist you creating any structure; some will want structure with the liberty to enhance it; and some will want a step-by-step process to follow.

If you give the wrong kind of leadership to the wrong kind of person, you’ll end up with the wrong kind of results.

***Today I want you to evaluate what kind of tasks you’re handing off, and whether you are dictating the process or defining the outcome.***

As you continue to define outcomes and give your team members permission to improve on what you’ve done, they will really engage and begin improving the systems and processes you have in place.

---

You're micromanaging. Even if none of your team members talk to you about it.

One of the big challenges as a major challenge for

for leaders is to is, is

the temptation to micromanage.

Anybody working under somebody who micromanages knows that it's not a fun place to be, it feels like they're breathing down your neck, they're dictating your every move, you feel like you have to look over your shoulder and see if you're if you're doing everything, okay. And it's a really uncomfortable

position to be in, however, for many for many of us, and once we move into leadership position, we end up micromanaging. Now, here's the question,

how do you know and how can you tell when you're micromanaging? Well, let's start with a simple definition. A simple understanding

of what effective delegation is.

Many people think that effective delegation is essentially telling somebody

else go do something. It's like a go-for like a

little minion goals and tasks for you.

And they come in and they sharpen your pencil you

you say go take this mail out to the mailbox, Nico do it, and they and they execute simple tasks. This is

certainly a form

of delegation. But it's not a very effective form of delegation

delegation requires you to take a

step back and not just look at the so what are not just look at the specific tasks, but work as a specific outcome, that you're looking to achieve the goals that you wanted the mailbox, it's not just about getting getting payments, getting checks in the mail. That's about it. I'm sorry, I meant to say that's not just a log out to the mailbox that's making sure that the checks reach their vendors on their due date.

Now, when you when you

when you complain to somebody at somebody else's, they've not effectively

to do your mailbox and drop these things in. That's okay. discuss that

in order

to delegate effectively, you

have to be able to separate though from the how. And he said micromanaging is simply

is simply a form of delegation that focuses

on the how

it focuses on controlling the

process for the specific outcome that you want. Let's take a look at a couple of couple more examples.

Let's say that you need to get your accounting system up to date. And you need to need to have all of your your transactions entered into

into your financial

financial into your accounting system. So you guys your team member, there is a step by step instructions on how to manually

and how to

how to find the paper bank statements that you filed and how to manually enter these into the system.

And you give them these instructions for

how to accomplish it that's controlling the How to then take a take a moment step back and look at what

you actually want would you actually wanted to the end of the day

is you want accurate numbers and you an accurate reporting in your accounting system,

you give that you find the clear outcome for your team member. And let me tell you this, if they're younger than 30 years of age, they're not going to manually enter these views of the piece of paper, they're going to figure out what it takes to import these transactions from an online banking system, and how to ensure accuracy reconcile and they're going to provide you with accurate reports in a fraction of the time,

they might even tell you that you need to start hiring a bookkeeper or a

firm that's much more efficient

at these types of

activities that you are in house, they might present you with a cost comparison of what it cost you to to do this in house versus what it cost you to outsource it to another to another company.

When you control the process.

You end up micromanaging. The only way to effectively empower people is to be able to step back and to tell the be able to tell the difference between the the white and the specific outcome that you're trying to achieve. And the how, which is the way that you're going to achieve it. Many times when you're trying to dictate the how and you're trying to dictate the specific steps, what you're actually doing is you have an articulated outcome that you're trying to enforce. There's a specific thing, it might be a need for accuracy. It might be a need for

for for feedback. You might be

a need for communication, you have an uncommunicative need, that you're trying to integrate you're using today. And you define

the how the steps of the process in order to make that happen.

So how can you tell when you're micromanaging? Or it's it's as simple as this, look at the things that you're handing off to you to your team members and engage them? How are your team members operating on outcomes

and the results that you're looking

for? And how much are they operating on the on the steps so the 123 pieces of this is how I would do it.

If you don't know the answer to that yourself. Ask your team members have a conversation with them. Ask them Do you Mia Mia dictating the process and are you using the process that's most natural to you

want to make one more observation.

Different team members will prefer different styles of leadership and different styles

of delegation.

The most important thing that you can do for your team member is giving them the style of leadership that is right for that

some team members will resist you creating the structure for them.

Some team members will will want some kind of structure in place and what the liberty to enhance it. And some team members are, frankly want you to be able to define the process work with them to improve the process as needed today, what they really want is they want a clearly defined process that they can follow.

Give the wrong kind of

structure, the wrong kind of leadership is wrong kind of person, you'll end up with all kinds of results.

Here's what I want you to do

find a team member. But first of all, now, just let's just keep the one thing

I want you to do today. I want

you to evaluate what kinds of tasks you're handing off and whether you're dictating the process or whether you're dictating the outcome

and not dictating. But whether you're you're dictating the process or whether you're defining the outcome

and I want you to ask your team members. I said just one thing. So I think I'm just going to next that

you'll find that as you continue to define outcomes, your team members really will engage and they'll begin looking

when you give them permission to find

ways to improve upon what you've done and to do it better than you they will engage and they'll find that you'll find them buying into what you're doing and you'll find them improving the systems and processes that you already have in place.

Until next time.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

