You're working on a project and the deadline is looming. All you can think about is your overflowing inbox, your endless to-do list, and the next deadline you probably won’t meet. The last thing you think you can afford is spending your precious time training someone else to do one of your jobs. 

This is a common enemy of delegation. You get stuck in the cycle of the day-to-day and end up ensnared in crisis mode. Delegation never happens. 

Ironically, this is a self-defeating cycle: **You can't get out of crisis mode unless you start delegating effectively, and you can't delegate effectively unless you get out of crisis mode.**

So which one do you do first? How do you unravel this gordian knot?

It starts with **focusing on what is important** and allowing the less important to fall by the wayside.

In all of life, you fight a constant battle against the tyranny of the urgent and unimportant. At the end of the day, you're the one who is responsible for your life, your business, and your team's outcomes. You are responsible to create margin so that you and your team can delegate effectively, get things done, and maintain a sustainable pace of growth.

If today is full of demands, start by **setting aside 15 minutes** to work on the things that are most important. If you continue this habit on a daily basis and gradually increase your focused time on what is truly important, you will gradually suffocate the bloodthirsty monster of  reactivity.

Turn off your phone and do it now, before you close this email. It really is *that* important.

---

delegation reactivity,

you're working on a project and you got a looming deadline. And, you know, you desperately need work to get things done. But you feel like you just can't achieve achieve it, you know, you should hand some things off to yourself. But, you know, with a tech tight deadline, you're not sure if you're actually going to going to achieve your goals.

This is this is a common enemy of delegation. It's easy to get stuck in the cycle of the day to day and and get caught in the in crisis mode and never actually

delegate the things that we need to delegate.

Ironically, this is a self repeating I mean, a self defeating cycle because you can't get out of your crisis mode unless you start delegating

effectively.

And you can't delegate effectively unless you get out of crisis mode.

So which one do you do first?

Now,

how do you begin to unravel this catch 22\.

This takes deliberate effort. But I think it's critical that you

focus on the things that are truly important, and allow some things that are

urgent and unimportant. To fall by the wayside

in all of

life. And especially in business, we fight a constant battle against the tyranny of the urgent against doing things based on other people's expectations, and other people's demands, and other people's schedules.

At the end of the day, you're the one who are responsible, who is responsible for your life, your business and your team's outcomes.

It's only by becoming proactive that you're able to keep these deadlines at bay,

they give yourself and your team the margin that you need to delegate effectively, and, and, and to get things done

and to create a sustainable pace

of growth.

delegation hates reactivity,

and it

means that

sorry, scratch that

delegation hates impossible deadlines because impossible

deadlines create reactivity.

Choose today to focus on the things that are truly important.

If you only have

if you're if you're only getting

if your day is full of demands. simply start by setting aside 30 minutes to work on the things that are truly most important.

If you continue this habit on a daily basis and continue growing the amount of time you spent focusing on the things that

are truly important. You will put an end to

the reactivity.

So go in and go Be proactive.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

