In the previous email, I shared how important it is for you to take control of your time. This means letting some urgent, unimportant tasks fall by the wayside so that you can focus on what really matters. 

Whether you're a manager, department head, or CEO, you must carve out time to step away from daily operations and take a look at the big picture. 

Set aside a block of time, free yourself from all interruptions, and focus exclusively on high-level strategy. 

To prepare, list a few important questions to guide your focus. Some examples include:

* What are some things that are going well?  
* What are some things that are going wrong?  
* What would have to change to dramatically improve the quality of my employees?  
* What are trends in the market that are going to impact the business negatively?   
* What are the untapped opportunities in the market?

Allow yourself time to think about and process these questions.

Some of my best thinking happens on a mountain bike on a remote trail. This is when I allow myself to daydream without feeling the pressure to come up with all the perfect answers. In this space, I discover new ideas and creative solutions to the problems I'm facing.

Are you ready to make a commitment? Grab your calendar, mark a spot, then be prepared to defend it from the “bloodthirsty monster of reactivity”.

Be proactive.

Lead intentionally. And let's win together.

---

You can't fix the car while it's running.

Earlier we took a look at the importance of being proactive and being willing to speak and and setting your own agenda instead of letting other people set your agenda for you.

This is important for more than just getting important things done.

This is important to make sure that the right things are, are getting done as a leader.

Whether you're a, an investor a CEO, a manager or a department head or department, I guess so.

You will only be able to improve incrementally while you're engaged in the actual work that you're doing if you want to provide exponential improvement.

If you want to apply exponential improvement to the things that you're doing. You must take time to step away from the operations and be able to look at, at what you're doing.

From the big picture.

How you do this.

The best way is to set aside and extend a big block of time.

And you might choose to.

Let's back that up. How do you do this.

First of all, the most important thing is that you set aside a block of time that you're unavailable for for interruptions. Allow yourself time that is focused exclusively on high level strategic questions. Number to prepare yourself with some high level strategic questions to answer. What are the things that are going well what are the things that are going wrong. If you want it to dramatically improve the profitability of your business. What would have to change if you wanted to dramatically improve the quality of your employees, what would have to change what are what are trends in the market that, that are going to impact your business negatively. What are opportunities in the market that are being unexploited at the moment.

And then number three. Allow yourself time to think about and process these questions.

Sometimes it's helpful to actively disengage.

For me, I find that some of my best thinking comes on a mountain bike

on some local

mountain trails.

When my mind is actively engaged in in something else that I intentionally allow myself to daydream.

And then disengage from needing to find the perfect answer. I find that my subconscious works for me and I often, I often discover new ideas and creative solutions to the problems that I'm facing

everything within your schedule is fighting against you.

To do this, the world is created to keep you know I mean, don't say that

the world around you will drive you to be average.

But if you want different outcomes. You must intentionally choose to

break from the status quo.

Be proactive

make change.

Lead intentionally. And let's win.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

