# For Tom \- Investortools

Okay. Good. All right. So then company number two was Investortools. So Investortools is a company that helps banks and insurance companies manage municipal bond investments. They serve clients of the top 45 of the 50 US banks user software. Actually, my engagement actually was originally, which I think is a bit of an interesting project, but originally was when I came on for them as an employee in 2002, I believe, the head of development got everybody into a conference room and said, "Guys, the world is moving to the web and we either move or we die. We're going to start an initiative to build out a web version of our product, and here are the rules. Number one, it has to run side by side with the Windows product. Number two, it has to share business logic with the Windows product. Number three, it has to be a native web application. It can't just be a replica and/or just running the Windows product in the background. It has to literally be a native web interface."

And so, I came onto the project right as this was starting and helped build out a whole bunch of the foundational tool sets required for that, including a whole bunch of core frameworks and libraries that would end up being building the base of this. And then proceeded to spend a substantial amount of time doing nothing but taking some of the core functionality and extracting out the business logic, putting it in one place, putting all the Windows related code in another place, and then creating at least basic web interface to access it. A few years into it, couple years, I'm actually not sure how long it was, we said we are at a point where we can now start running our company systems on this platform because it's a database platform and got a lot of capabilities to do that. The Investortools was their first client on the web product itself and they started using that for their internal system.

There's a fun little story. April 1st of 2004, I'm going to say, we sent an email out to the company saying that the very first version of the web product is available. We had gone digging through the archives and we found a copular software from the '80s, early '90s that was the DOS version of the software. We hooked a computer up to the internet and put a website in front of it that when you logged into the website, it would spin up a copy of the DOS product and it would show it to you in your web browser. And so, when you logged in on the webpage, it would show a Windows 95 splash screen and it would show that first boot sequence, show Windows 95 splash screen and then immediately show a copy of the DOS product. So whenever you press the key, we'd pass a key all the way back to that little computer that was running a copy of the DOS product and you could use the arrows and run reports and do all kinds of things. It was slow and it was the first generation version of the product.

On top of that, we added a special back door, where we could see what user was logging in to access it, first of all. Second of all, we could enter a special escape sequence that would fake a blue screen to the user and then show a startup screen and bring them right back into the software. So when the head of QA logged in, we recognized his name, triggered the escape code. And so, he was sitting in front of his computer wondering how in the world we got this to work, that when the computer blue screened, we able to show him the blue screen and show the reboot process. So that was an internal April Fools joke, not the actual web products, but...  
Jaron:

\[inaudible 00:20:26\].  
Matthias:

So fast forward quite a few years and the development team invested very heavily into the internal management system because they had access, ease of development, all that. So much so there was a former Dell employee who looked at the developer systems that we had and said he thinks that it rivals or supersedes any other development system that we've seen. Every part of the development process was integrated nicely into that and great workflows supporting the development process, but the problem was it was predominantly supporting one team and not the entire company. The company was growing and they were needing additional tools for the company.

One of the things they were looking to avoid was the fragmentation of data, where you've got information living in a silo over here and in a silo over there and you need to push information back and forth and make sure everybody has the right login access and all of the things that go with that. And so, I started an initiative with them then. This was in 2021, summer of '21. I started an initiative with them talking to all the department heads or department managers and a few team leads around the specific challenges and things that they were facing. One of the big pieces that this software has been used for is simply tracking time spent on various projects and tying it out to custom development projects and/or core features that the company is building out.

And so, one of the first things we did was substantially simplify the process of removing the friction from tracking time on different projects and opening that up more broadly to a company as a whole. The big outcome from that was being able to capture lost revenue on customization projects and better management tools being able to notice when projects are going sideways if you're not able to get your fingers directly on the pulse any other way. On some projects that are on a fixed... We developed on a fixed price basis being able to make sure that those projects are staying within budget and proved to be a big use for that there.

There were other types of enhancements that we did. One of the bottlenecks in the company was in-client support. And so, one of the focuses became improving documentation, product documentation and providing additional tool sets for product documentation, streamlining some of those workflows and making some of those pieces easier. The other substantial bottleneck was the internal IT department supporting the company and providing them tools to... Providing them with a ticketing system that could integrate into the whole ecosystem, where ticketing and other types of support escalation, monitoring different types of support incidents, all the things that go with... Or starting to ease the burden and all the help desk related things that happen in a company that size.

There were a few other things that surfaced in there. I'm trying to think what they would've been. Oh, there's another part of it that was just taking parts of the system that hadn't gotten attention for maybe 10 to 15 years and were so complicated and convoluted that it became almost impossible for mere mortals to understand and simply doing maintenance on the system and reorganizing things, updating things, making sure that things are up to date, and making it easier for people to use the software without shooting themselves in the foot.

Another major piece that we did was automation to tie out subscription management with accounting and saving a substantial amount of time for the accounting team doing their regular client billing. Another piece was, I lost it, project management. We added some basic project, I say basic, doesn't sound very, very exciting, but basic project management and task management features and step one in improving some capabilities along those lines. I'd say step one, there were actually a good number of project management tools that we did end up creating all around managing time and resources on projects and state of projects and things like that.

Looking forward, probably you can't write about this yet, but looking at some additional... Well, one of the things we just started looking at before we got here with subscription scoring and being able to monitor the health of client subscriptions and being able to monitor that and basically centralizing these metrics and being able to provide some kind of interpretive value to them and be able to course-correct as needed and looking ahead have not fully... I think some of those changes are actually slid to the back burner. So those are future if we do get them picked back up again.

There's a very similar part of it. We're looking for additional ways to capture lost revenue because of poorly defined process, no process at all, not appropriate tracking, not ways to see what's being tracked, what should be tracked. A lot of this comes down to all kinds of things that worked when the company was smaller. Now, as the company grows, things are less streamlined and automated and flow less smoothly and more things fall through the tracks. You've got more people doing similar types of things and not everything can live in just one person's head anymore and just... Yeah. So it's definitely a piece of it. Anything you can think of on the Investortools' front that I talked about that you remember?  
