# For Tom \- Amish Manufacturer

All right. All right. So story number one is these Amish manufacturers who came to us. They had a third party and they were using their software. They were a wholesaler and wanted to move more of their things in-house. And so, they started developing their own version of the software. The very first part of the project, not related to me, was a colleague of mine helping with inventory management and production management, production scheduling and some... Well, it's basically that, managing raw material inventory, finished good inventory and production scheduling. I think there may have been some parts of financials that were tied in early on accounts, some accounts payable, vendor invoicing, things like that.

And then they reached out to me because they... I became involved in the project because they have a unique base plus team performance compensation model that they use. Well, actually, a combination of base rate plus team performance, plus individual performance that all gets tied together. They were doing this manually, and side note, had have earned a reputation in their local area through this compensation model and a lot of people are quite intrigued by it. And so, they were looking to automate this and tie this in to the existing system. So that first part of the process was really came down to helping them narrow down and specify what this process should look like, how these calculations should function, working with them to simplify the compensation model and then ultimately building out the tools that they need to track that.

The end game that they were really after was wanting to know what profitability is of individual. Well, just first of all, optimizing the payroll process, number one, saving time doing that. And then number two, being able to get more insights into trends, comparisons by location, comparing performance by location, comparing performance based on perhaps the type of product being built or the amount of certain types of product being built in a week or being manufactured in a week. The end game, the long end game was also to be able to improve profitably tracking on a per piece... Well, not on a per piece basis. But end game was also trying to improve and measure productivity in the manufacturing process.

So, that was how I got involved. And then from there, I helped them to... Did a whole bunch of other enhancements to various ways, probably could have gone back and found a bunch of what those things were. At some point, getting involved in integrating their sales and marketing of the retail side of their business in with their core business logic. Where were we at? In April of '22, they approached me about helping them with their marketing. They were working with another agency at that point and they were looking to scale their marketing. In order to do that, they... Well, yeah. And so, we started that engagement. Task number one was, "Let's substantially increase the number of leads that you're getting, hopefully quality leads that we're getting, maintain lead quality and increase volume, decrease lead cost, and worked on steadily optimizing that across the course of a year, dropping cost per lead by about 50% over that time period."

October of 2022, started looking at building out an online sales team, and so helped them find and hire their first two sales team members. Got the sales team up to the sales goal actually within a month or two, but we were doing that with too many leads, not efficient enough on the lead flow that we had. So we redistributed a bunch of the leads to other folks, got the lead flow back down to what we felt was appropriate on a per individual basis and continued optimizing from there. I helped them get a private one-day training with a quite successful salesperson within the industry and saw a significant boost immediately after having done that.

With that, continuing to optimize the different parts of the sales and marketing process, one of them helping them get started with text messaging, text message cadences, helping them optimize the coding process, helping them establish and articulate the value that they bring to the marketplace. Three, to monetize industry and working to differentiate them from the rest of the pack. They have an unusually high attention to detail and quality, but never really communicated that well in their marketing, as well as a number of innovative features that they've got that they also did not capitalize on. Through this whole process, continue working on streamlining the workflow for their salespeople, making it as easy as possible to manage and track.

What are other interesting pieces? I mean, as part of the hiring process, we were able to get them about... Oh goodness, I'd have to go back and find exact numbers. I think there were a few thousand resume applications and a few, well, hundreds of folks who went to additional effort to submit, to follow additional instructions for application and ended up narrowing that down to probably well dozens in some form or fashion, several dozens of pre-screening calls and then probably a dozen or so, or less than a dozen final interviews to narrow down the candidates, so help them sort through a vast number of candidates to help them find these folks.

So jumping ahead, well, let me take a moment to... Oh, the other thing that we did is we hired a professional copywriter to write an autoresponder sequence that ended up being very high effectiveness, open rates of the emails ranging anywhere from 20 to 50% and high responsive rates to the emails. These emails were written to come from the owner and even folks hunting down the owner's phone number and calling them up because they wanted to talk to him, nobody else. Sometimes even situations where people getting defensive because they wondered why the owner was emailing them when they were already talk working with a salesperson. So that proved to be a fairly strong element.

Now, future-pacing a little bit, things that are upcoming that we will be able to write about very soon. Number one, we help them to identify additional lead sources... Sorry, able to identify a additional leads within their direct geographic area of people who have some level of interest and/or buying intent and testing direct mail specifically targeted towards people with buying intent of some form. Second of all, able to build in end-to-end attribution so that we're able to tie out a specific sale to the traffic coming on the website. Number three, was there a number three? I know there is a number three. Those are the predominant. Oh, yes, there was one other thing that we did for them, which is took their existing customer database and did customer profiling of that database to map out demographic information, early in-depth demographic information about their existing customer base. So, I'm trying to think if there's anything else on that project that I should be talking about. Anything else that you can think of that we talked about last time that I should be including?  
Jaron:

Yeah, I'm trying to look at the notes I took. You said something about you were able to identify which Google or Facebook ads the customer use.  
Matthias:

Correct. As of now, we're able to attribute about 50%, 30 to... No, 40 to 50% of all sales back to the specific Facebook and or Google ads that the customer used to reach that. Within a month or so, we should have that number up to, I'm going to guess, a minimum of 90%, probably higher than that actually. I would be surprised if we would not be able to hit 95%. And then based off of that, we can find our highest performing media based on ads. That's ads and audiences and all of those things based on actual purchases, not just on people filling out the form.  
Jaron:

Mm-hmm. I think that's most of what you talked about. I think you said within eight months or so, I think you said you able to cut their ad spending in half. I think those are some of the other things I wrote down, but I think you covered everything pretty well from Monday.  
