What we're talking about this morning is about the gold rush millionaire, and specifically why businesses succeed or fail. Before we get too far into this, I want to just welcome you here, and I want to share a little bit about who I am and what I do. I'm a business consultant, and I help businesses solve specific growth challenges, focusing especially on marketing and business strategy.

Now, you may be wondering, wanting some more specifics about what that actually looks like. Just to give you some examples, worked in a variety of niches. One of them was a software as a service, helping them developing their marketing strategy \[inaudible 00:00:43\] nonprofits, running the gamut. Yeah, helping them in various aspects of their marketing and their strategy.

Also, by the way, just have to mention this. This is the view from my office, and I do believe that I'm fortunate to be able to work in one of the most beautiful places in the world here in Colorado. Enough about me. If you want to get more from me, if you sign up for the webinar, you're probably already on our weekly email list. If not, you can sign up at MultiplyYourStrengths.com.

Every Saturday morning at 7:30 you get just a simple, inspirational, challenging, growth-oriented email. If you would like to get on our monthly print newsletter list, we send out a monthly print newsletter with more content and you're welcome to just email me directly at matt@multiplyyourstrengths.com.

Now that we got that first piece out of the way, I want to tell you a little bit about my story. Just full disclosure, I don't consider myself to be any kind of a money genius or a guru. Quite honestly, I never was that brilliant when it came to money. I have friends who seemingly make money at every turn, and they were seemingly born with this kind of instinct.

I don't claim to be any kind of prodigy or to have been born with any kind of magic touch. I just have happened to stumble into some great opportunities with some great people and be surrounded by people who've really helped me to grow.

Now, my background was actually as a software engineer for a tech company in the finance industry. If you know anything about software engineering, you know it's a fairly analytical kind of career, and especially in the finance world. I struggled for a long time trying to find my spot in that space.

One of the things that I came to realize is that I was actually a high-empathy engineer. Again, analytics aren't really the driving factor. I have a high empathy strength and there was a bit of a contradiction as an engineer, but more importantly I discovered that I was really an innovator and entrepreneur at heart and always intensely curious about the world and what was going on around me.

That led me into a short stint, into personal coaching. At the time, I couldn't figure out why it felt like this was an uphill climb. It felt like everything that I was doing was failing, and it felt like everything was ten times as hard as it really should be.

I finally signed up for a marketing conference in southern California, and there I got a three-sentence consultation that if you consider \[Perry Marshall 00:04:18\], who's the one who put on the event, if you consider his time, it's probably a consultation valued at about $208 for just a few sentences. He gave me some great advice based on his experience. One of the things he told me was simply this, that personal development is one of the hardest fields to get into.

Now, I want to make it clear that I have a really strong work ethic, but I have an equally strong entrepreneurial laziness. This realization demanded that I make a shift, and it demanded that I reevaluate who I really am. Am I a coach or am I an entrepreneur? It also dug me fairly deep into the question of what is it ...

Why do some businesses succeed while others fail and why is it that some businesses that can succeed where people have absolutely no clue what they're doing and why is it that in other businesses you have utter geniuses, some of the best people in the world, working together to solve a problem, and it seems like everything is falling apart? I went to the hunt to find the answer to that question.

Now, before we dig in further, I want to make a promise to you. I'm going to do the best to make this the most insightful our of your week. I've got a ton of concept to go through, and I really hope that you can buckle your seatbelts and stay for the ride. I'm going to do my best to provide a lot of value.

I don't want to just give you information. This is not how my brain works and this is not how I live my life. I want to give you a new way of looking at the world, because if I can give you a new perspective and a new paradigm, then all of the information becomes secondary to that. If you can just conceptualize what I'm about to share, it'll become a grid that you can look at the world through.

You can look at your own business, you can look at your competitors, you can look at your clients, even people, even as a consumer, it'll change your perspective of the people you do business with. That's my goal. I have something special for all of you who are willing to stay to the end of the webinar, and I think you're going to enjoy it. I encourage you to hang on to the very end.

The gold rush principle. I want to introduce you to a man by the name of Samuel Brannan, who lived in the 1800s. In 1848, the discovery of gold in California jolted about 300,000 people into action. Remember, this is before the days of social media, and they actually came ... Some of them came as far as China. Obviously not on airplanes, but on ships and without satellite internet on the way. They all swarmed to California, hoping to get in on the newfound wealth.

Now, the interesting thing about Samuel Brannan is that he was the first millionaire in California. You would imagine that the first millionaire during the gold rush would be some lucky individual who happened to strike gold and happened to strike it rich, but that's actually not what happened.

He actually ended up buying all of the picks in the area, and he resold them at about a 98% profit margin, which is about a 7,400% markup. He cornered the market and he capitalized on these 300,000 hungry people who were swarming to California trying to make it big. He actually bought them for 20 cents and sold them for $15. This was back in the 1800s. It's kind of crazy. He became, again, California's first millionaire.

This story really fascinated me, because there's something interesting that's going on here in the gold rush. There are a few principles that I want to take away from this, but first, I want to talk about the reticular activating system. Now, this is a little bit of a leap, but all of us are receiving 2 million stimuli from our senses at any given time, so we have to automatically filter out all of the sounds, tastes, colors, images, and pictures, and find the most relevant pieces.

This is what the reticular activating system does in your brain. It helps your brain by limiting the stimuli that your brain processes. It's the first grid that you use to find relevant information. It's actually located at the base of your brain. The real question is, what is the criteria that your reticular activating system uses to determine what are relevant pieces of information?

It's actually quite simple. The criteria is what you focus on. It's actually wrong to say that you focus on the things that you see, it's actually correct to say that you see the things that you focus on. What you look for quite literally becomes the things that you see.

There's some implications for that. A lot of marketing, most specifically, a lot of marketing is ignored because it doesn't speak to what the prospect is focused on. If you ... Let me just jump back and give you a really simple example. I know these may be overused if you've heard anybody teach about them, but they're great examples.

If you look around the room right now and you start identifying all of the red objects in your room ... Just do that right now. Just really briefly. Identify all of the red objects. Then close your eyes and start listing off all of the black objects in your room. Now, you may be able to do some of those by memory, but more than likely there are quite a number of black objects that you overlooked. That's because you were focused on finding the red objects and you didn't pay attention to the black.

Same thing with buying a new vehicle or other kinds of hobbies and interests, that when you start focusing on something you start seeing other people emerge like that. Other owners of the same make and model, et cetera. In the gold rush, what happened was that people were focused on finding gold and they were focused on gold as the primary means of making money. Samuel Brannan was the only one who, by avoiding this obsession, was actually able to see the best way to capitalize on the gold rush economically.

Now, I want to share a few more things, and we'll dig deeper into more examples, but most people are focused on a few things in life, and often it's centered around success, career, health, maybe family. Usually there's a small segment of things that they focus on. I actually want to give you just a real-life practical example of this gold rush mindset at work today.

I have an acquaintance who buys and resells foreclosures. Most of the foreclosure auctions ... Consumers show up at the nicest houses and they're hoping for some kind of a steal. They just want to find a bargain price, and they're all bidding on the nicest houses. What this entrepreneur does is he actually focuses on the worst foreclosures, cleans them up, and sells them, because these are the opportunities that everyone is missing in their desperate hunt for the gold rush.

Everybody else is so obsessed on finding a bargain that they don't recognize that it's actually much more profitable to find these older, run-down houses, put in the money to fix them up, and resell them or rent them out. What you focus on ends up being what you see.

Now, there's another implication for that, is that when you focus on something obsessively, you sometimes ... You become unconsciously distracted. I just want to give you the example of when you sit down with a big bucket full of delicious buttery popcorn at a movie theater or watching a movie from home, the bigger the bucket, the more popcorn you're going to eat and the more intense the movie the more quickly you're going to eat it. Why is that?

The reason is because you're not focused on the popcorn. You're focused on being engaged in the movie, and you're following the story, and you're completely taken in with that. This actually happens to a lot of us. When we become obsessed over a vision, most of us don't ever recognize the quote "popcorn" that we're consuming in the process.

Now, sometimes this can be a negative thing, but it can also be a good thing. Sometimes if you're an entrepreneur who's really passionate about building your business, you may not even realize the number of hours you're putting in. You may not realize the amount of pain that it's causing you, because you're so focused on the end result. You're after it. In this case, that actually helps you towards your goal.

Understanding this concept, this obsessive focus on a specific outcome, and again, in the case of Samuel Brannan, the focus on finding gold, created almost this blindness to the real economics of what was going on. Because of that, he was able to serve these people in their somewhat obsessive or maybe quite obsessive craze.

How does the gold rush work? The whole point of the gold rush is that if there is no gold rush there's nothing to sell. Unless people are on a deliberate hunt for something, there's usually little point in selling to them. Now, that's not to say that you can't ... There are necessities, there are commodities, that people buy, but the most interesting opportunities become when people are on a deliberate hunt for something and they have an obsessive focus.

The interesting thing is as they focus on whatever it is that they're looking for, they pay attention to little else. If they're focused on the gold and you sell them a pick, there's very little resistance, because again, their focus is on finding the gold. Now, if they were obsessed on anything else, or if you were trying to sell them anything besides a pick, you would immediately encounter resistance, because it simply doesn't align with their obsession.

The whole principle of the gold rush is about looking sideways at the economics. Most people assume that you should find what everyone else is rushing towards and sell them more of that, and that actually is a way to capitalize on the gold rush, but it can also sometimes become an intensely competitive game. Sometimes a more interesting approach is to look where people are running and then look sideways at the opportunities. You'll find interesting opportunities in those kinds of locations.

Again, it's just like the people selling popcorn at the theater. When people are looking to be entertained, you give them the picks that they need to be entertained while everyone else is selling the entertainment to them. There are all kinds of other examples, and we'll get into more examples later.

The gold rush delusion is something that happens to, I believe, many entrepreneurs. I believe that many entrepreneurs actually go into business with their own interests and obsessions. Most of them, and most of the stories that you hear about failing businesses, are centered around entrepreneurs not being able to market well or not being well-funded.

There are some really silly reasons why businesses fail, but I think for a lot of entrepreneurs, especially in the startup phase, one of the main reasons that they fail is because they get into the gold rush themselves instead of selling to people in the gold rush.

One of the challenges of success is that when you recognize the flow of cash, it's easy to become locked into it and not recognize the real reason why it's happening to you. Again, if you can go to the foundational reason for your success, you can duplicate it. If you understand the foundational reason for your failure, you can correctly avoid it.

I also want to touch on this, and we'll get into this more later as well, but many businesses fail simply because they don't exit the market quickly enough. Rather than pivot at the appropriate time, they continue trying to milk the cash cow and their revenue slowly dries up.

Again, there are a lot of people who sell a lot of picks to failing businesses, and there's a lot of leadership development, there's a lot of things centered around employee engagement, and all of these are often tools in the right situation for the right time, but none of those tools are good enough to salvage a business where the market is collapsing out from under it.

Jumping back, if you're in business, I encourage you, and especially if you're an entrepreneur, I encourage you to look around and start looking for places where other people are obsessing. More than likely, one of the most challenging things is looking for places where other people are obsessing. It's easy to get locked into your own world and find our own obsessions and our own interests, but it really takes a unique attitude to be able to step out of that and start looking around and finding what other people are focused on.

One last thing that I want to throw out here. Sometimes people encounter quick success, and that can actually be one of the most devastating things that can happen. Again, because unless you understand the underlying reason for your success or failure ... Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of them, and there are a lot of pieces that you need in building a successful business, but most people overestimate the importance of some while underestimating the importance of others.

I'm going to jump back to my story for a little bit, my perception. As I mentioned, I was struggling to make coaching work. I was having trouble understanding why there was so much buzz around personal coaching and yet it was so difficult to move forward. Here's what I realized. Because of the level of activity in the coaching industry, I assumed that there was a huge demand for people who were looking for this kind of help and support.

Again, the perception that was presented was that there were a lot of people looking for personal fulfillment. To a degree, that's true, but I realized that this really wasn't the ultimate reality. I was told that coaching is the answer for moving people to personal fulfillment. The reality actually was that the gold rush that I found was that there are wannabe coaches who want meaningful work, and the picks that were being sold to them were training, marketing, and those kinds of things. The epiphany came for me when I realized that ...

I want to add a little caveat here, that in the business environment, when the coaching skills are applied to specific skill sets and specific tools, they are successful. The personal coaches who are doing well are the ones who tie it to a gold rush. We'll get into some of the specific gold rushes, but they're the ones who focus primarily around romance and relationships, but also around health and to some degree money.

I actually did an online experiment on people looking for spiritual guidance and actually found that, actually confirmed a lot of my hypothesis here, that most of the people were actually looking for help in their romantic relationships. It was a fascinating dive into the gold rush principle.

My epiphany came when I realized that people were becoming coaches not because of the strong market demand, but because there's a desire for meaningful work. A lot of them, I think, are in places where they haven't been able to use their innate strengths and so they're looking for something that's the answer. On this hunt, they become coaches.

I came to the realization that, to some degree, personal coaching is just another business opportunity. Again, a lot of entrepreneurs, I find, get started in business through some kind of biz op, some kind of network marketing or something along those lines. The reality is that if you're going to go into business for yourself, there are hundreds of ideas that are much more interesting than some of these ideas that are being presented.

To be perfectly honest, the "do what you love" mantra is extremely endearing, but it's not true. It's actually selfish, self-centered, and for a few people it pays the bills, but it's actually foundationally ... Quite frankly foundationally backwards. The only thing that will pay the bills, first and foremost, is helping the most people the most.

This doesn't mean you do it to the exclusion of what you're innately good at and what you're skilled at, but it does mean that that becomes the primary foundation. Unless you get the order right, you're going to fall for the gold rush. There's absolutely no doubt about it.

I want to give you some examples for consumers. Actually, before I do that, I want to give ... I want to touch just a little bit more on these ... Just on the whole concept of biz ops. What biz ops sell to is they sell to people who are A, entrepreneurial, and B, hungry for a little more income.

Some of them do more justice than others by having better products and having a more sustainable model, but I still suggest to you that network marketing isn't about selling a specific product, it's about selling picks to people who are hungry for a gold rush and even some sales jobs end up being the same thing. Making promises to salespeople that they can make a lot of money, work from home, and as long as they work long insane hours and call lots of people they're going to win.

Of course you have to work hard, there's no doubt about it, but unless you're selling picks to the people on a mission, if you buy into this, you just end up being somebody who got sucked into a gold rush and you're just going to continue to struggle and feel bad about yourself.

Practical examples for consumers. I think that consumer addiction actually drives a lot of the consumer market. You don't have to look far to look at some of the booming illegal industries, whether it's drugs or people selling to sex addictions and those kinds of things. There are a lot of booming illegal industries that exemplify this. However, there are many other examples as well. I want to actually look at some lower forms of addiction that are less severe, that aren't going to take you down like crack, but they're going to take you down in other ways.

I want to talk about the addiction cycle, because this really defines the difference between a healthy business and an unhealthy business. The addiction cycle really starts with an unmet need there at the bottom. There's an expectation of your need being met, whether it's through a product, whether it's through a service, whether it's through an experience, the need is momentarily met and in the case of an addiction, the proposed answer actually doesn't provide the true answer. It doesn't fulfill the underlying need, leading to disappointment and leaving with sometimes a greater unmet need.

Just a couple of examples. Sometimes financially, people have an unmet financial need and they have an expectation for a business opportunity. Momentarily, they have hope that their need is going to be met. They encounter this disappointment. Now, the difference between learning from your mistakes and addiction is whether or not you can change the cycle to find different things that you will meet that need with.

Other examples may be alcohol. Not everybody who drinks alcohol has an addiction, but if you have an unmet need the expectation ... For example, you feel stuck in life, you feel like you're not moving forward. The expectation is that alcohol will give you that boost. There's actually an interesting study that has shown that the choice of drinking actually gives you the strongest boost in moving forward. It's actually not the ... It's actually the strongest boost of hope, and it's not actually the alcohol itself.

If you have a Band-Aid solution and you wake up to facing the same challenges that you have been facing, you're only going to ... You become likely to start following the addiction. Yeah. Let's take a look at a couple of examples. I want to suggest to you that caffeine is a mild form of this.

Almost two months ago, I quit caffeine almost entirely. I still drink occasional decaf and occasionally a cup of green tea. It was a little tough quitting, but I feel incredible now. I think that beneath this whole addiction was a drive for momentum and significance, and ended up drowning my feelings of being stuck with this addiction. I actually noticed a pattern that when I encountered an obstacle at work, I would often head for the coffee corner.

That's just my personal experience, but also take a look at the coffee vendor who has the highest level of caffeine. I want to suggest to you that it may not exactly be coincidence that the leading coffee chain has the highest levels of caffeine. It's interesting, at least, to observe that they are selling an addictive drink, including caffeine and sugar, and they're doing it with higher levels of caffeine than other coffee shops.

Again, it becomes an interesting cycle, because as you consume caffeine, it creates this temporary boost. Unfortunately, it actually degrades the quality of sleep that you get. You experience the crash. When you wake up the next morning tired, guess what? You have another unmet need and you temporarily fix it with more caffeine.

Other addictions, news. People are addicted to knowing what's going on. However, they're not interested in hearing the good news, they're interested in the bad news. At the end of the day, the news industry is a gold rush of selling people what they really want to hear. What they really want to hear is something novel, and usually something novel is something negative. It has negative outcomes on their life. Filling your mind and your life with tragedy and just negative news, it's just not good. News becomes your drug of choice. It becomes a self-perpetuating cycle.

Entertainment, as well as social media. Again, it's ... Let me just say this. It's no surprise that YouTube has a next video that shows you a video that's probably going to be interesting to you, and it's no coincidence that Netflix automatically plays the next episode of a TV series 20 seconds after the first one ends, and it's no coincidence that TV shows are built around this capacity to bring enough closure to the current episode while still leaving enough of an open hook that can't be answered until the next one and just pulling you in. Again, this becomes a cycle that pulls people in.

Health and fitness. People wanting to look and feel more beautiful, wanting to feel better and be more successful, this is a huge industry and it's all in a gold rush of people trying to become better versions of themselves. Romance, whether it's finding the right person, working out relational conflict or relational issues, dealing with sexual issues or sexual addictions, any of those. This is a huge gold rush that some people are capitalizing on, sometimes positively, sometimes negatively.

Of course, there are consumer addictions ... I'm sorry, there are consumer hobbies, that, again ... Maybe not addictions, but they're obsessions. You're probably unaware of how obsessed people can become over hobbies unless you get into it yourself. I have friends who are obsessed over chickens and there's a cult following with that. There are people who are obsessed on playing guitar, electric guitar, acoustic guitar.

Again, here's the mistake that people make. Many people assume that their own obsession is the obsessions of the world around them and it's simply not true. You really have to pay attention on whether your obsession is simply just a close-minded view or whether there actually is opportunity in what you're doing. I think one of the most devastating things about pursuing your passion is it really blinds you to the reality of what the market is saying. Passion itself doesn't sell. You do have to meet some need.

Then there are entrepreneurial addictions. This is where it gets a little more personal. As entrepreneurs, many of us are hungry for the next thing, we're always on the front edge, we're always taking a risk, and sometimes training, webinars, events, conferences, is simply a pick to give us a boost, a feeling of moving forward, in a failing business. We're simply in a place of life where we've hit a plateau and we're looking for a way to move forward.

Please don't get me wrong, this is actually a very legitimate way to start gaining momentum when you're stuck in life, but it can also become a destructive cycle where life becomes focused on absorption rather than finding things that literally move you forward. The benefit of anything that you learn really is based upon the problem that you choose to apply it to.

You can apply the best knowledge in the world to a failing business idea and it'll still ... It may be better, but it will still end up crumbling. If you apply the right wisdom and the right skill to a place where there is market demand and a place where there is growth and, to use this term, again, not necessarily in a negative way, but where there is a gold rush, that's where you really gain leverage with the training that you're learning.

I say this with ... I fully understand the irony of providing a training seminar, or a training webinar, and recognizing that right now, for some people watching this, this may actually be a distraction from what you actually need to do to move forward. I'm recognizing that for others of you, this is going to yield insight that can shape how you market and how you move forward.

Also want to give you a few business-to-business things. Every business has a burning issue, and usually this isn't labeled as an addiction. It's more like an obsession or maybe a focus. The more that you can align what you're doing with the business focus and the business vision, quite simply the better chance you have of making a sale.

Your ability to sell B2B correlates directly with being able to align yourself with the business's burning problems and their visions. Again, going back to the ... Remember the picture where the focus ... Their focus isn't necessarily on a pot of gold. Wherever their focus is, if you can provide the tools for them to reach that.

To target B2B clients, you can either sell picks to your clients or you can find businesses that are selling picks well and find ways that help them out. If they're a growing business, you can ride the wave with them if you can find a way to serve them.

Just want to give you a quick case study. This is a real-life case study. Actually, while I was preparing the first version of this webinar, I was sitting ... I went to the park to sit by the river, just to write out some things. There were two Jehovah's Witnesses there, standing by the river. They were just talking with each other. They had a book stand there with a bunch of books.

Most of the people were walking by, either ... Some of them said hi and most of them just ignored them. At the top of their stand of booklets, they had the question, "Are you looking for comfort?" When I walked past it, because all of this stuff was on my mind, I thought it was really strange, because I had asked the question, "Is comfort the burning need of the people who are walking past?" Even more broadly, "Is this the burning question that people are asking? If so, are people walking to the park to find comfort?"

For me, the park is about inspiration, it's about relaxation, maybe it's time with my kids or family, maybe it's exercise, but it's not for comfort. This is a classic example. These are well-meaning, devout religious people, and they're sincere, however, it's just a mistake of believing that if you will build it, they will come.

If you were to flip this on its head, you would start asking questions about the gold rush. What is the gold rush? What is it that people want and need? Then you could start reverse engineering that. You can start looking for people who want and need comfort, and you can find where they are. You can find where they go. You can find more specific challenges, and you can start a conversation with them. It's worth asking, "Where would you go for comfort?"

To be honest, you would go to those closest to you, to your friends. If you're interested in giving comfort, perhaps one of the best things that you can do is literally become a friend to the people around you, and in the times of comfort then you become ... In times where they need comfort, you become the friend who can provide that.

A couple of lessons that just from this simple example ... You have to give them the opportunity to find you. When people are on a gold rush, they're looking in certain places, they're going in certain places, and you have to go to where they're at. Again, Samuel Brannan couldn't have become a millionaire doing what he did if he hadn't been in California, where people were rushing after the gold rush. You have to be where people are.

You also have to recognize that you're ultimately in the business to help people. If your business is failing, you have to ask the question why. You have to understand the felt need. Again, going to the park to look for comfort is about as absurd as some of the marketing tactics that all of us, quite frankly, fall into sometimes, where we just get tunnel vision and we just make mistakes.

If your people have an issue, you have to help them find the answer. Your goal in marketing in your business is really to help them in the gold rush. Again, this is ... I don't mean this negatively as some kind of rip-off or anything like that, it's helping them find their focus and their vision and their obsession, and your marketing itself becomes the tool for them to move towards that.

I want to give, in the last few minutes, take some time to just get practical and as best as I can, take these concepts and put them into something that you can actually use. The first thing I want to talk about is just about the ethics of the gold rush. You have to recognize that you're in the business of selling picks and the more that you can help others, the better. You do have to recognize that there are ethics behind this.

Most of us know examples of people selling empty hope. It happens all the time. Quite frankly, it's a tragedy and it's just not right. Really, the ethics of the gold rush depend on whether you can reasonably meet the expectations of your clients and whether you're ultimately helping or hurting them. If you can actually achieve the reality of tapping into a gold rush and literally helping people move from where they are to where they want to be, you've not only created a successful business, you've created a way to help many, many people.

We won't go into it here, but making a profit is one of the best things that you can do to help the people around you. Zig Ziglar once said that you can have everything in life you want if you will just help other people get what they want. This whole thing has to be founded in ethics.

It starts with choosing your business strategy. Whether you're diving into new business or you're looking into an existing business, you have to step way back and ask, "What's the gold rush that my clients are chasing? What is it that they're really after? What are they obsessing over?"

Until you can really identify this ... You may have segments of your market that respond somewhat differently. Maybe different product lines have different obsessions. Unless you can really nail this well, it becomes difficult to know how to market your business effectively. Of course, there's the question of what's the size of the gold rush? You have to make sure that there's something that's sustainable for you. Then specifically, what are the picks that you're selling? In the case of if you're looking for new growth opportunities, what are other picks that you can sell to them?

Marketing for the gold rush. Marketing for a gold rush is about lending yourself ... Again, think way back to the picture of the guy obsessing with a focus. It may not always be changing the pick. If Samuel Brannan would have sold the pick as a way to carve out rocks so that you could build a house, a perfectly legitimate use for the tool, but he would have completely sidestepped the gold rush.

You may not need to actually change what you sell, you may only need to change how you sell. If you put it in the context of what people are focused on and what people are obsessing on, that really becomes the key. Your ad copy and placement has to fall within your prospects' focus. Going way back to what I said about the reticular activating system, you have to be in front of the right people and you have to fall within their focus.

That doesn't just mean the messaging, although it does that. You have to find ways where you can get their quality attention and you have to get in front of them and get within their focus with their attention and also with your messaging. It goes without saying but, quite frankly, passionless, passive people, disinterested people are some of the worst people to sell to. Obviously you can only pursue niches that are big enough to support you.

Just a couple more practical things. Changing what you sell or how you sell. You can't sell social status to a hippie. You can't sell fashion for mechanic uniforms. Maybe you can and maybe that's how you want to disrupt the market. You can't sell bling to engineers, and you can't sell budget or cheap to the affluent. However, you can maybe sell locked-in value or something along those lines. You can't sell aesthetics to uber-practical, uber-functional types of people. Being aware of what people's wants and needs are really becomes key to knowing what benefits that you need to highlight.

When you're selling to business owners, if you sell outside of their vision they're not going to give you the time of day, and they're going to give you the knee-jerk "no." This is one of the reasons why in your marketing headlines are so important, as well as how you pitch the benefits, because the point of the benefits is to get your product within the line of sight of what they're focusing on, and your headline is to just capture the attention immediately.

The first thing they're going to try to do is determine whether or not what you have to offer fits into their needs, and that's simply based on, again, jumping way back to the reticular activating system, "Is this part of the gold rush that I'm focused on? Does this fall within my obsession?"

Just a crazy example. Most people don't spend a lot of time thinking about the history, but there are other angles that you can take of the industry, as in even a real health ... Some people, it's on self-esteem and other kinds of issues. I won't go into more crazy examples.

I just want to say this. One of the things that ... Most of the advice I heard around marketing was centered around this idea that you should sell to demand, and if you only sell what they want you'll be fine, so you've got to figure out what the customer wants. I realize that demand was just unclear and nebulous in my mind. It was hard for me to wrap my mind around it visually.

Understanding the gold rush that finding the things that people are obsessed about really made it crystal clear for me. Once you find their obsession and their vision, you can provide them with tools to get there.

The pivot. Many business fail simply because they persist in a dying market. If there is no more market to support you, you're on the way out. When the gold rush starts to wane, you have to find a way to exit or pivot. If you've already started to see the symptoms, quite frankly, it might be too late. This really takes perception for you to do this.

If you find business falling ... Obviously business has seasons, it has ebbs and flows, but it's worth asking yourself the question, "Have my clients' obsession changed? Are they still obsessed about the same things that they're obsessing over, or has it changed?" If it has changed, then you do yourself the favor of asking where it has gone.

If you're able to meet their needs in a slightly different way, leveraging what you already have in your business, then maybe you should consider pivoting. If it's moving outside your reach, it may be the appropriate time to sell and find yourself another opportunity that you can dive into.

If the clients' obsession hasn't changed, then that's when you have to start having your own ... You have to start asking yourself specific questions, whether you've been making mistakes internally, whether you've fallen behind another competitor, whether there's other competitors in the field who are doing things that you're not doing, because these are also factors but they're secondary to the market sustaining what you're doing.

Couple of practical steps. One of the things you can do is intentionally step away from the operations. You can't see the forest for the trees. These kinds of questions really do require high-level, big-picture thinking. To do that, it really requires that you step away from your business and start looking at the big picture.

One of the things that you can do is start spending time with business owners, sometimes even consumers, with different interests from your own. Your best insights come when you're able to look outside your little world. We all get locked into tunnel vision, and getting around really different people has a way of just jarring things loose and giving us insight.

Look for emerging trends. Your inspiration may come from a completely different industry. It might come from unusual consumer behavior. Just as an example, for emerging trends, I find it interesting that shed builders have pivoted to tap into the tiny home market. Again, this is an emerging trend. It's a destructive industry, and in some places of the US and perhaps the world, it's gotten a strong, almost cult-like following.

You can also look for ways emerging trends for unusual areas, where you can leverage what you have in your business, your unique capability to fulfill a growing need in the market. Find ways to dominate the market. Again, it's easier to win. One of the reasons Samuel Brannan succeeded was simply because he established a monopoly and he was able to sell these at an insane profit. If you can find a way where you become the leader and where you can simply become the go-to business in your specific niche ...

Last of all, I encourage you to build a team, even if it's just two people. To really do this well you have to balance strong visionaries with real researchers. Typical visionary will leap before they look, and typical researchers will look before they leap. Of course, this doesn't mean that the researcher gets to have the last word. We're all in business because we were risk-takers, and we're going to find the risks that we're going to be most likely to win and that we're going to be most likely to win the best.

You have to recognize that not all trends are born the same. Some of them, you can ride the wave and simply sell as you see that it's the right time to exit. Partnering with a cautious researcher can really give you a safety net and a reality check before you dig in. Again, this doesn't have to be a business partner. It can be a close friend, but somebody who has those kinds of skills, who has almost this cautious skepticism about them. Don't let them talk you out of a good risk, but use them just to gain perspective.

My promise. My promise at the beginning was that this was going to be the most insightful hour for you, and I know I gave you a lot of information. What I really hope that you can walk away with is jumping all the way back, if you just remember the picture of the man focusing on the pot of gold, if you can understand that fundamental perspective that we're in business selling picks to people who have either an obsession or a vision, and we're doing what we can to help them.

Here are some places we can go from here. I just want to make you aware of some opportunities. We do a marketing and strategy deep dive ... You'll have to excuse the typo there ... For 19.95. Essentially, it's a two-hour initial consultation and 45-minute follow-up consultation. We dive deeply into these kinds of questions, and not only into your marketing, but we also look for other kinds of opportunity that you may be missing and give you some ideas and some feedback on places that you might consider. We also do business consultation by the hour.

What I wanted to offer you, which is what I promised at the beginning, was I wanted to give you a special thank-you for spending the time today. I want to give you a 30-minute phone consultation focused on the greatest challenge that you're facing right now. I'm not looking ... This is not a sales pitch. This is nothing, not coercing you into any kind of upsell or anything like that. This is simply a thank-you for joining us and an opportunity for you to focus on your marketing and strategy and business road.

If that's something that interests you, really all you have to do is email your feedback to matt@multiplyyourstrengths.com and just give me honest feedback or a testimonial. Say what you liked, what you didn't like, what you found helpful, how it affected you, any of those things, and just give us permission to use it, at least on a first-name basis. From there we'll schedule a time that we can get on the phone and have a conversation about the challenge that you're facing.

I want to open it up, see whether there are any questions and answers. We're almost at the end, so we don't have a lot of time. I want to take time for anybody who has any kind of questions. All right. If not, I want to just, again, just want to thank you guys for staying on and I'll be sending out a replay if you want to follow up with this, and I'll send you out a reminder as well that you can just drop a line, give us some feedback, and we can hop on the phone and consult about some of the challenges that you guys are facing.

Thanks again and I hope you guys have an awesome week. Here's to changing the world through business. Take care.
